Job Details
"Join EDGE as an Opto-Electronics Engineer, where your expertise in optics and electronics will power innovative solutions across defense and industrial sectors. Bring your analytical skills, technical knowledge, and passion for precision to design, develop, and test advanced opto-electronic systems that meet the evolving needs of modern technology and national security."
Job Purpose
The Engineer (Opto-Electronics) research, design, develop, and test opto-electronic components, circuits and systems: utilizing knowledge of electronic engineering, optical theory and materials properties.
Job Accountabilities
Analyze system requirements, capacity, cost, and customer needs to determine feasibility of project and develop system plan
Design opto-electronic components and software, products and systems for commercial, industrial, medical, military, and scientific applications
Develop and perform operational, maintenance, and testing procedures for opto-electronic products, components, equipment, and systems.
Confer with engineers, customers, vendors and others to discuss existing and potential engineering projects or products.
Evaluate operational systems, prototypes and proposals and recommend repair or design modifications based on factors such as environment, service, cost, and system capabilities.
Plan and implement research, methodology, and procedures to apply principles of opto-electronic theory to engineering projects.
Prepare engineering sketches and specifications for construction, relocation, and installation of equipment, facilities, products, and systems.
Review and evaluate work of others, inside and outside the organization, to ensure effectiveness, technical adequacy and compatibility in the resolution of complex engineering problems.
Review or prepare budget and cost estimates for equipment, construction, and installation projects, and control expenditures
Operate computer-assisted engineering and design software and equipment to perform engineering tasks.
Prepare documentation containing information such as confidential descriptions and specifications of proprietary hardware and software, product development and introduction schedules, product costs, and information about product performance weaknesses
Prepare necessary criteria, procedures, reports, and plans for successful conduct of the program/project with consideration given to site preparation, facility validation, installation, quality assurance and testing.
Represent employer at conferences, meetings, boards, panels, committees, and working groups to present, explain, and defend findings and recommendations, negotiate compromises and agreements and exchange information
Work with internal departments and teams to ensure that optical systems meet all necessary performance requirements.
Qualification & Experience
Typically, 0 to 3 years of experience in the opto-electronic engineering field related to the defense industry.
Minimum Bachelor’s degree and/or equivalent technical qualification in electronics or opto-electronics engineering.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Permanent
Bond applicable
No