Job Details
Job Title-
SDE 1 (Front-End)
Division & Major Function-
Corporate, Technology
Who we Are?
Axis Asset Management Company Ltd (Axis AMC) was founded in 2009 and is amongst India ‘s largest and fastest 
growing mutual fund. We serve 1.3+ Cr customers and associates with highest humility across 100+ cities. 
Our success is attributable to 3 founding principles- Long Term Wealth Creation, Outside-in (Customer) View & 
Sustainable Relationships. Our investment philosophy embraces culture of risk management. It encourages our 
partners & investors to transition from transactional investing for quick gratification to investing for fulfilment of 
critical life goals. 
Thus, our endeavour is to offer a basket of investment solutions which helps customers create a financially 
independent & happier tomorrow.
Our recent accolades:
 Great Place to Work Certification (Feb 2024- Feb 2025)
 Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards for Learning & Development 2022 - Silver Award
 Morningstar Awards 2022: Best Fund House: Equity, Debt & Overall
 Outlook Money Awards 2021: GOLD in Equity AMC of the Year 2021
 World Leadership Congress & Awards 2022: Business Transformation Leadership Awards – Digital 
Transformation Project (Mobile App)
At Axis, our constant endeavour is to provide a career path for job seekers which is laden with learning & winning. We 
foster a culture where success is celebrated. 
We want to build a mind-blowing experience for anyone who wants to invest in mutual funds.
What will you Do?
Engineering and Product management at Axis MF define a new paradigm of making an impact in the larger 
ecosystem through technology. With us, you have an excellent opportunity to create something from scratch the 
solves a real problem of access to simplified investments. 
With us, you will be working to build a digital platform that knows the customer, reaches out to the customer, and 
fulfils their investment needs from on-boarding to purchase within seconds. And once on board, the customer gets 
unparalleled experience by access to service bots, learning resources, goal planning resources and much more. 
With this team, you will build a platform that crunches thousands of data points, scales 10x from current user base 
by acquiring customers using the rich network of distributors / partners and completes on-boarding in seconds.
 Participate in UI development along with team members for as much as 95% of your time
 Participate in peer code reviews and daily scrum discussions
 Contribute to the existing front-end design – across different digital assets – and reduce the tech debt – across 
Android/iOS mobile apps (B2C, B2B) and websites (B2C, B2B)
 Own up key Technical KPIs such as Page Speed, Conversion Ratio, TTFB, etc.
 Align with Product and Project Managers to understand the functional requirements and assist in backlog 
grooming through on-time sprint delivery
 Leverage open source tech stack where relevant – e.g. MEAN stack (Angular, MySQL), Docker, Kubernetes, 
Linux, NGINX, etc.
Candidate should have hands on knowledge of Angular Typescript
 Respond to technical issues in a professional and timely manner.
 Be responsible for adherence to best practices and quality UI development / front end engineering
 Work with external vendors in the delivery of ongoing and project related work
What makes you a Great Fit?
 BE/BTech Computer Science or equivalent from recognised institute
 Must-have skills - Angular 11 Typescript/ JavaScript, NextJS / NodeJS
 Experience in HTML5, CSS3, Proficient in one of the frontend design frameworks: Bootstrap, Material UI, 
Semantic UI or Ant Design
 Proficient in using frontend testing: Jest, React Testing Library, Enzyme
 Translating design in Figma and photoshop to reusable components
 Understanding of mobile/web authentication methods and security protocols required
 Active participant in technology forums (such as Scaler, HackerEarth etc.)
 Familiar with PWA, Google Analytics, NGINX a plus.
 Understand micro-service architecture, event driven development, caching strategies etc.
 Excellent programming skills – Passionate about the user experience
 Self-starter with growth mindset
 Good presentation, communication, and training skills
 Good interpersonal skills with ability to articulate clearly and concisely
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai
Temporary
Bond applicable
No