Job Details
The Delta Group, founded in 1971, is a Tier-1 supplier with around
80,000 employees for many successful companies in industrial automation, automotive
industry, building automation as well as in the field of renewable energies.
Delta has sales offices, manufacturing facilities and R&D centers
worldwide. With its mission statement, "Innovative, clean and
energy-efficient solutions for a better future," Delta emphasizes its role
in addressing key environmental issues, such as climate change.
Delta electronics has built state of art RD facility in Bangalore and
world class electronics manufacturing facilities in Krishnagiri located 50 KM
from our RD facilities.
You may encounter Delta product in your everyday life, using a mobile
phone, computer to EV car!!
To expand our RD, Delta Electronics India is looking for bright minds to
join our R&D
Engineer will participate in developing our next generation of state of
art products comprising EV solution, Industrial automation, Power
conversion, Building Automation, Cooling solution, EV power train solutions
/AC/DC power supplies/ Inverters etc. Our advanced technologies exploit the
advancement in digital power control and its applications.
Strong mathematical analysis and circuit simulation is key
strengths we look for in our engineers.
We have position in all engineering related streams and computer
science.
As a design engineer, the candidate must have the desire and
ability to work as good technical team member.
Also engineers with strong programming skill on C#/Python and C/ C++,
willing to explore the Industrial automation and embedded system, Test
Automation are welcome to apply.
For the SW minded, opportunities exist in Embedded communications
control and Automotive Electronics, Mobile App, Web and PC based APP etc.
Bachelors
/ Master in
CSE /EE/EC/ME
/Power Electronics/Industrial Automation and allied branch engineers are
welcome to apply
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
None
Bond applicable
No