Job Details
Job Description
Join Intel and build a better tomorrow. Intel is in an exciting transformation, with a vision to create
and extend computing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth. So, join
us and help us create the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to
come.
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, and a global leader in innovation, and innovative
technology, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art from
semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging,
final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the
Technology Development and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design,
development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of
Moore's Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth.
The Logic Technology Development (LTD) organization delivers the latest process technology
innovations to drive Intel's amazing product roadmap. To maintain the fast and furious pace of
technology. Intel must continue to meet/beat the product yield roadmaps. The TD Engineer hired to
this role will work closely with the parent business group based in Portland, USA and drive yield
learning by employing state of the art equipment and processes to find defects on the wafers that
can be quickly root caused and eliminated. This is an invaluable opportunity to work on the latest
semiconductor process development research and manufacturing side of the industry from India.
What We Do:
The Logic Technology Development (LTD) organization delivers the latest process technology
innovations to drive Intel's amazing product roadmap. To maintain the fast and furious pace of
technology. Intel must continue to meet/beat the product yield roadmaps. The TD Engineer hired to
this role will work closely with the parent business group based in Portland, USA and drive yield
learning by employing state of the art equipment and processes to find defects on the wafers that
can be quickly root caused and eliminated. This is an invaluable opportunity to work on the latest
semiconductor process development research and manufacturing side of the industry from India.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design and execute experiments and analyze data necessary to develop processes that meet
engineering specifications for manufacturing that include safety protocols, automation, facility, and
supply chain in addition to device performance and yield.
Work with industry partners and equipment suppliers to develop and implement equipment,
identify equipment capability shortcomings, propose, and evaluate hardware modification to
mitigate issues, and implement preventative maintenance needed for stable process lines.
We foster an inclusive, collaborative, supportive, and exciting environment where the brightest
minds in the world come together to achieve exceptional results. We give you opportunities to
transform technology and create a better future, by delivering products.
We give you opportunities to transform technology and create a better future, by delivering
products that touch the lives of every person on earth.
We're constantly working on making a more connected and intelligent future, and we need your
help
Change tomorrow. Start today
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore/Hyderabad
None
Bond applicable
No