Job Details
Job Description
Software Development Engineer
At Upswing, we are building the next generation of Open Finance
We are a passionate and self-driven team of thinkers who aspire to build the rails to connect the traditional financial sector with financial innovators through a simple and powerful banking-as-a-service (BaaS) platform. We are a dynamic and rapidly growing organisation focused on revolutionising the financial industry. Our innovative solutions combine cutting-edge technology with a customer-centric approach, providing businesses with streamlined financial services.
We are looking for developers who
will redefine the financial services landscape for India in the coming years.They will be part of a core engineering team that will create innovative and scalable Fintech solutions. They will work along with passionate and experienced engineering, product & business workforce that believes in teamwork, and that helps fast-track learning on solving complex technical challenges.
Location
:
HSR Layout, Bangalore
What you will work on
Building the next generation of financial services on our BaaS platform
Coming up with solutions to all kinds of engineering problems in backend, infra, and devops and implementing them end-to-end.
Contributing to engineering-excellence by trying out the latest tools and technologies and integrating them with our current tech-stack.
Qualities and qualifications
B.Tech or a higher degree in Computer Science or a related field.
Proficiency in programming in at least one object-oriented language.
Experience with Relational databases such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc
Familiarity with API development and event-driven architectures.
Hands-on experience in using versioning systems like Git.
Familiarity with cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, GCP.
Knowledge of system internals including (but not limited to) operating systems (virtualization), network-communications and storage systems.
Above all, curiosity and passion for solving problems.
Key responsibilities
🚀 Propose Solutions
Tackle complex system architecture challenges and actively lead the end-to-end development of the system. These challenges can range from event-tracing to API contract verification, from batch-processing to data-warehousing and from onboarding to optimization of technologies.
⚙️ Design Scalable System
Build robust, flexible, and consistent solutions that scale effortlessly as we grow.
📈
Scaling for Success
Plan and implement strategies to scale the platform smoothly and handle growing traffic.
Collaborate with the engineering team to ensure high performance under any load.
💡
Tech Enthusiast
Stay on top of new technologies and best practices to keep our platform cutting-edge.
Contribute innovative ideas to enhance our tech stack and processes.
🤝
Cross-Team Collaboration
Work closely with engineering, product management, and operations teams to drive growth and stability.
Perks
💰
Competitive Salary
: Get rewarded for your hard work.
⏰
Flexible Working Hours
: Work at your best time, your way!
💻
Top-tier Laptop
: Choose between a
MacBook
🍏 or
Windows laptop
🖥️
🍽️
Optional Daily Lunch
: Enjoy delicious meals when you're in the mood
☕
Well-stocked kitchenette
: Fuel your creativity with
beverages, snacks, and munchies
all day! 🍩🥤🍫
Upswing Financial Technologies Pvt. Ltd. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination of all types.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
Temporary
Bond applicable
No