Job Details
About
Aura & Product:
Position
: Analog Design Engineer
(across
various levels)
Job Overview Duties include
As an Analog design engineer, the designer will
     design analog/mixed signal circuits in the fields of RF, Audio, Power
     Management, Data Converters, Clock synthesizers and Jitter Attenuators.
Run extensive simulations on the design to
     fully verify functionality and performance before fabrication and will
     validate the chip in the lab.
·
Explore alternative design techniques to meet the chip specifications
while minimizing device costs with ample opportunities to innovate during the
design cycle that can lead to patentable ideas.
·
Detailed design cycle that spans not only circuit design and
simulation but also layout support, test, evaluation and debugging of prototype
ICs and design support for mass production.
·
Plays a lead role in product definition and be responsible for
designing significant blocks of the chip, including chip architecture and chip
top integration.
Will be
     working with small, nifty, focused, world class design team at Aura in a
     creative role.
ESSENTIAL
FUNCTIONS
Be thorough with circuit design and signal
     processing fundamentals.
Is a good team player and works well with
     internal and external partners, shares knowledge with the team and always
     eager to stay up to date with recent design practices.
Provides guidance to layout designers for
     sensitive custom layouts.
Simulates for the block-level and
     top-level specifications, design and layout.
Be hands on in post-silicon debug, lab
     testing, characterization and troubleshooting.
Does project management and technical
     sharing. (for senior candidates with 5+ yrs of exp only)
Supports the product definition, the test
     program development and the manufacturing/production/customer needs. (for
     senior candidates with 5+ yrs of exp only)
REQUIREMENTS
Candidates preferred from premier
     institutes for fresher and all experience levels
Relevant background and experience in Analog/mixed-signal
     and/or RF IC design.
Knowledge in behavioural modelling,
     Verilog-AMS & Matlab programming.
Knowledge in Mixed mode simulation and SOC
     integration.
Advanced system knowledge is preferable.
Excellent written and verbal presentation
     skills.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No