Job Details
ob Title: Software Engineer
About us:
At Anakin, we’re revolutionizing Pricing intelligence by enabling large global e-commerce companies to optimize their pricing strategies and stay one step ahead of their Competitors.
Our technology engine has the capability to automatically find, analyze, and generate insights around hundreds of millions of online listed products across more than 15+ countries in real-time. By leveraging advanced algorithms and intelligent automation, Anakin empowers its clients to make dynamic and real-time pricing adjustments that align with market demands and competitor strategies.
Founded in 2020 by Mohit Prateek (IIT Bombay) and Rashmi Bala (IIT Kanpur), Anakin is a Y-Combinator 21 backed team of 35+ members and revenue growth of 20%+ month on Month. +Visit www.anakin.company, TechCrunch, and VCCircle for more information.
Role Brief -
As a Software Engineer, you will play a crucial role in solving problem statements and in deriving solutions that enable us to productize our solution, find out ways to automate workflows to bring out efficiencies . If you are someone who likes to work with an early stage startup that is building a SAAS product from scratch and solving customers' data related challenges, this is an amazing opportunity.
What will you do?
1. Understand the team's technical needs and find possible architectural solutions using your knowledge of Anakin's product structure.
2. Collaborate with your team on all aspects of development including participation in code reviews, developing functional and technical specifications and strategizing test plans.
3. Implement, refine, and enforce software development techniques to ensure that delivered features meet software integration, performance, security, and maintainability expectations.
4. Research, test, benchmark, and evaluate new tools and technologies, and recommend ways to implement them in product development.
5. Maintain high standards of software quality and technical excellence within the team by establishing good practices and habits and writing clean, testable, maintainable, and secure code.
6. Proactively identify issues, bottlenecks, gaps, or other areas of concern or
opportunity and work to either directly affect change, or advocate for that change by working with peers and leadership to build consensus and take action. 7. Perform critical maintenance, deployment, and release support activities. 8. Ensure adherence to engineering processes while upholding top-notch product quality.
What do you bring to the table?
● B.Tech/M.Tech (Bachelor Degree) in engineering or a related field. ● 0-2 years of experience in engineering, with at least 1 internship experience. ● Analytical and problem-solving skills to identify and address complex technical issues.
● Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Our current tech stack -
● Python/Java/NodeJS/TypeScript
● AWS - (EC2, S3, SQS, Lambda, ECR, ECS)
● Database - Postgres/Any SQL database, MongoDB
● GCP - BigQuery
● CI/CD - (Jenkins, Docker)
● JIRA & Confluence
You would be a great fit, if you know -
● Web crawling/Scraping knowledge
● Good experience in reverse engineering
● Django/Flask
● Redis
● Kubernetes.
Perks and Benefits -
● Medical Insurance coverage.
● Breakfast and Lunch in the pantry.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No