Job Details
WHAT YOU’LL DO:
Rapidly
     learn the latest modern data architecture platforms and patterns working
     closely with solution architects and team leads.
Assist
     in the onboarding of new customer workloads to the NX1 platform including
     data acquisition (ingest to landing zone and data transformation), data
     outcomes (analytics, dashboards, AI ops), and application
     modernization.
Assist
     in the development and deployment of new product features ensuring high
     performance, quality, and responsiveness.
Utilize
     various technologies (Kubernetes, Spark, DBT, SQL, Trino, Airflow) to
     develop data solutions
Use
     programming languages (Java, Python, .NET etc) to enhance/implement
     product features and/or modernize customer workloads
Analyze
     complex datasets and models to identify trends, patterns, and anomalies;
     participate in data review and contribute to team knowledge sharing and
     continuous improvement.
Troubleshoot
     and debug data issues under the guidance of senior developers.
Participate
in product roadmap and rapid POC evaluations
WHO YOU ARE:
Bachelor's
     degree in computer science, Engineering, Data Science or a related
     field
Fundamental
     understanding of data structures, algorithms, and coding best practices
     such as flow control, inheritance, separation of concerns, loose coupling,
     error handling, etc.
Proven
     experience and/or course work with programing languages such as Python,
     Java/Scala, and/or .NET languages
Familiarity
     with back-end concepts, including Object Oriented Design, ETL, REST API,
     etc.
Must
     have a passion for learning and the desire to become SME on and
     contributor to opensource projects. to learn new technologies and
     continuously improve skill set.
Experience
     with database systems, such as SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake,
     etc.
Strong
     problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and self-learning initiative
Excellent
     communication skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team
     environment.
Preferred
     knowledge of cloud infrastructure such as AWS, GCP or Microsoft
     Azure
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune, Maharashtra
None
Bond applicable
No