Job Details
NEW COLLEGE GRADUATE JOB DESCRIPTION We, at NVIDIA, want to find and bring the brightest young technologists of our generation to do their life’s best work at NVIDIA. We are hiring across multiple positions in our HW teams and a brief about the teams and their requirements is given below. GPU ARCHITECTURE TEAM GPU architecture team is engaged in the development of industry leading high performance and power efficient GPUs. Specific areas include architecture modeling, analysis and performance verification. The team works on GPUs across all application domains such as gaming for PC and mobile devices, professional graphics & visualization and high-performance computation. Skills you will use/develop: • C++ modeling, test development • RTL design, debug • ASIC design & verification tools, methodologies • Computer architecture, Graphics, GPU micro-architecture, parallel computing • Performance evaluation, analysis and debug • Perl/Python scripting Areas you will be working on: COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE; MEMORY SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE, COMPILER ARCHITECTURE/ PERFORMANCE MODELING TEGRA SOC DESIGN & VERIFICATION Tegra ASIC team (Design Verification) As a Hardware Engineer at NVIDIA you will design and implement the industry's leading Graphics, Video and Mobile Communications Processors. Specific areas include 2D and 3D graphics, mpeg, video, audio, network protocols, high-speed IO interfaces and bus protocols, and memory subsystem design. You will be responsible for Architecture and micro-architecture design of the ASICs, RTL design and synthesis, Logic and Timing verification using leading edge CAD tools and Semiconductor process technologies Areas you will be working on: • ASIC, RTL, DESIGN AND VERIFICATION OF PROCESSORS • Low Power verification • Power Estimation and Modeling • PCIe Design verification • Functional / Formal verification CPU VERIFICATION TEAM As a design verification engineer in the Nvidia's CPU team, you will be working on the next generation of 64bit ARM architecture-based CPUs and SOCs. As part of this assignment, the intern will get a chance to learn about computer architecture at a very granular level, System Verilog, Unit/Cluster /SOC Verification, cutting edge verification methodologies and C/C++/ASM programming. The intern also will get an opportunity to get familiar with industry standard tools in verification and validation. During the course of the internship, the intern will contribute to building test benches, developing architectural simulators, modifying random instruction
generators and creating stimulus for verification and validation of different units of the CPU and SOC. Areas you will be working on • Computer Architecture • Digital Design and Programming in C/C++/Perl • ARM, CPU Design and Verification/ Validation ASIC-PD (Physical Design/Timing Closure / VLSI) As a member of our ASIC backend/timing team, you'll be working on product designs, focusing on such tasks as clocks, timing convergence, chip layout planning, design optimization and automation of workflows. Specifically, you'll be focusing on full chip layout planning (partitioning, planning clock distribution and other structures, methodology), full chip timing closure signoff (using tools such as Synopsys Primetime, Cadence Tempus etc.), design optimization, and gate-level design of high-speed logic. In this role you will also interface with architecture, rtl design, layout implementation, methodology and custom design teams to drive design implementation, timing analysis/closure all the way from micro-architecture to tape-out. What you'll be doing: • Develop and enhance timing analysis/signoff workflow from the frontend (pre-layout) to backend (post-layout) at both chip and block level. • Chip level Integration, physically partitioning and floor planning. • Develop custom timing scripts using tcl/primetime for clock skew analysis, special circuits such as clock dividers, core logic <-> IO macros interfaces such as PCI-E, Framebuffer/Memory, HDMI, etc. • Design optimization and timing convergence-related tasks. • Development of PD workflows.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore/Pune/Hyderabad
Temporary
Bond applicable
No