Job Details
Interaction Designer, University Graduate - India
Product Area:
User experience is at the forefront of how we create intuitive, innovative, and beautiful products that people love. We strive to learn and understand our users’ needs, behaviors, and emotions to gather insights that inform product strategy and design. Our UX teams include designers, researchers, content strategists, and engineers who are passionate about quality, usability, and simplicity. We work on collaborative teams to solve complex challenges and craft experiences that highlight our products’ unique capabilities and personalities. Our work touches billions while exemplifying a key principle that is core to Google’s philosophy: “Focus on the user and all else will follow.”
Role Description:
At Google, we follow a simple but vital premise: "Focus on the user and all else will follow." Google’s Interaction Designers take complex tasks and make them intuitive and easy-to-use for billions of people around the globe. Throughout the design process—from creating user flows and wire-frames to building user interface mock-ups and prototypes—you’ll envision how people will experience our products, and bring that vision to life in a way that feels inspired, refined, and even magical.
As an Interaction Designer, you’ll rely on user-centered design methods to craft industry-leading user experiences from concept to execution. Like all of our UX jobs, you’ll collaborate with your design partners to leverage and evolve the Google design language to build beautiful, innovative, inspired products that people love to use.In this role, you'll be part of a cross functional team, building innovative products using your mix of interaction design and visual design skills Applicants for this role must also submit their portfolio
Job Responsibilities:
Understand the genesis of business problems from researchers, product managers and other stakeholders
Work with product managers, UX leads/managers and developers to nail down the key objectives of what problem to solve, at what time frame and what is the desired outcome.
Gauge the usability of new and existing products and make constructive suggestions for change
Demonstrate the ability to develop and communicate underlying concepts that inspire design implementation.
Help to define the user model and user interface for new and existing Google products and features
Minimum Qualifications:
Currently enrolled in a B.Des/ M.Des degree/ diploma program in Human-Computer Interaction, Product Design/ Visual Communication/ Interaction Design or related field, and graduating in 2025.
A design portfolio that demonstrates strong design principles for web and/or mobile platforms.
Demonstrable proficiency with design tools (e.g. Sketch, Figma, Framer Studio, etc.).
Preferred Qualifications:
Solid analytical thinker with excellent communication skills
Strong design background in interaction and/or graphic design and/or motion design fundamentals.
Solid creative and visual thinker with excellent communication skills, both verbal and visual.
Ability to apply brand visual assets in a user interface context and understanding of user-centered design principles.
Familiarity with front-end engineering and/or working with engineers.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore, Hyderabad
None
Bond applicable
No