Job Details
Who we are
Samsara
(NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, Equipment Monitoring, and Site Visibility. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
We see a profound opportunity for data to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of operations, and hope you consider joining us on this exciting journey.
About the role:
Samsara Technologies India Private Limited is looking for talented engineers to join our infrastructure, full-stack, and mobile infrastructure team in Bengaluru, Karnataka!
As a Software Engineer at Samsara, you will design and develop features across a broad surface area with a tangible impact on active and future customers. You’ll tackle engineering challenges ranging from architecting data structures for mass data collection to presenting data analytics in intuitive and performant ways on web and mobile.
Cloud Infra Engineers
design and develop the infrastructure that powers Samsara’s IoT platform, used by tens of thousands of customers globally connecting more than 15 thousand hardware assets to improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of their operations. You will work on scaling our data ingestion and storage systems to support more and more connected devices and work with engineers throughout the company to make new types of data analysis possible.
Full Stack Engineers
develop user interfaces that present the data collected from millions of devices in intuitive ways. You will work directly with the design and product teams to identify solutions and iterate quickly based on feedback. The features you build will provide actionable insights for our customers’ operations, and may involve anything from design systems to performance engineering + design and develop features across a broad surface area with tangible impact on active and future customers. You will tackle engineering challenges ranging from architecting data structures for mass data collection to presenting data analytics in intuitive and performant ways on web and mobile.
This role is Hybrid - 3 days per week in the office.
Eligibility
You will complete a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field before Ju2025
You should apply if:
You want to solve challenging problems:
As our customers dive into digital transformation and ramp up their tech use, new opportunities pop up for us to solve their problems. To make this happen, we are looking for emerging engineers excited to help us solve impactful challenges.
You are the architect of your own career:
If you put in the work, this role won’t be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You want to solve challenging problems:
As our customers dive into digital transformation and ramp up their tech use, new opportunities pop up for us to solve their problems. To make this happen, we are looking for emerging engineers excited to help us solve impactful challenges.
You want to build with the best:
At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-caliber team that will mentor, develop, and encourage you to grow your development career scope.
An ideal candidate:
Wants to win as a Team!
Will champion, role model, and embed Samsara’s values (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices.
Has a builder mindset!
we want to see that you have built or worked on production applications on your resume. We want students with multiple repositories in their GitHub demonstrating your software development journey.
Is customer obsessed!
Finds excitement understanding our customers and what would make their day-to-day processes easier. Motivation comes from building and shipping customer experiences and seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback.
Benefits
At Samsara, we’re focused on investing in the well-being of our employees and delivering an exceptional employee experience. We want Samsara to be a great place to work with competitive pay, benefits, and perks. We want you to feel proud to be part of Samsara because you work for a company where you are cared for and supported both personally and professionally.
Accommodations: Samsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equal opportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities.
Flexible Work: We hav
e
adopted a flexible way of working
, enabling teams and individuals to do their best work, regardless of where they’re based.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
None
Bond applicable
No