Job Details
About BIU
Axis Bank’s (Business Intelligence Unit):
This is a high-profile team with a mandate to drive data-based decisions 
within the bank. Reporting to Head Banking Operations and Transformation, this department works with all 
businesses of the bank including retail, small business and corporate to drive analytics. In terms of functions, the 
department has teams focused on all aspects of analytics for the bank including risk analytics, financial analytics, 
crime analytics, business and marketing analytics, building predictive scores, data engineering and business 
reporting.
About the Role
The person would be a part of the Analytics group in the field of Data Science, Data Engineering, 
Business Analytics or Business Reporting and the placement could be in either retail or corporate areas. 
The team primarily focusing on banking products & services. The role will involve – diligent 
understanding of data, systems and processes to be able to come up with data-based decision-making
solutions for these business groups. The incumbent also needs to be able to work across the matrix 
organization structure to oversee the recommendations through implementations.
Key Responsibilities
The candidate will be responsible for the following in their job role:
Develop product strategy, conduct portfolio analysis, predictive analytics, AI /ML Models
Leverage analytics to drive insights to optimize Pricing / Channel/offer mix for consumer portfolio.
Creating business insights by performing root cause analysis using predictive and Descriptive 
Analytics   Performing Profitability (Valuation Models) analysis for all asset products
Pro-actively working with Product/Risk/Marketing team to drive business strategies.
Work closely with the program team to create analytical strategies.
Perform exploratory analytics to pinpoint pockets of opportunities within the assigned.
 line of business
To create insights & drive actionable through statistical tools & techniques.
To create dashboards and reports as needed by the business teams to drive insights.
Role Proficiencies:
Knowledge
 Design and implementation of analytical strategies and data modelling techniques to drive 
profitability for the bank
.
 Regular synthesis, reporting, analysis and insight driven approach for the bank’s products
 Analytically driven sales and services using propensity-based models and valuations.
Skills
 Strong data handling, interpretive and problem-solving skills with the ability to process large 
volumes of transaction level data and efficiently derive actionable results.
 Having a ‘result oriented’ attitude with ‘go get it done’ skill.
 Good project management skills while working with both internal and external partners.
 Should have a high degree of motivation with a continuous thirst for learning.
 Storytelling, unstructured problem solving, result oriented and Business Acumen
 Expertise in Excel and in the functional domain
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Mumbai
Temporary
Bond applicable
No