Job Details
About Micron
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. Through our global brands — Micron and Crucial — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, and NOR technology.
Micron Taiwan
Micron Taiwan is the DRAM Center of Excellence with mega fabs for manufacturing high-volume DRAM. We have been recognized as "Best Workplaces" for three consecutive years by Great Place to Work Institute. As the largest foreign employer in Taiwan, Micron is people-oriented and has a unique diverse and inclusive working environment, promotion opportunities without qualification limitations, global perspective and job opportunities, an equal salary system for men and women, and a mutually respectful and flexible work atmosphere. Besides, Micron also provides various learning and training, leisure and entertainment and physical and mental health benefits. The examples are various club activities, planning project team competitions, and encouraging employees to organize cross-department optimization teams to propose more efficient solutions. The Benefits Committee plans Family Day, Year-End Party, Mid-Autumn Barbecue and other activities for Micron employees to promote closer teamwork, hoping to create a healthy and high-quality work environment so that employees can balance their work and physical and mental health.
About the Job
As a Process (Integration) Engineer at Micron Technology, Inc., you will be working with a team of other process and equipment engineers responsible for starting up, developing and optimizing processes to improve product quality and reliability, working on process yield improvement, cost reduction, productivity improvement and risk management as well as resolving manufacturing line problems. This position will identify, diagnose and resolve process related problems by applying failure analysis, FMEA, 8D or SPC methodology. Additional responsibilities include coordinating and carrying out process, equipment and material evaluation/optimization to implement changes at process step, leading and participating in yield improvement and cost reduction activities, handling new process baseline qualifications and managing, auditing and liaising with material suppliers to achieve quality, cost and risk management objectives.
Responsibilities and Tasks:
Establish and improve process condition and technology
Upgrade process capability and reduce production cost
Establish and modify process management projects
Set up process parameters for a variety of semiconductor equipment
Evaluation, promotion and planning of new equipment/materials
Abnormal analysis and improvement
Education Requirement & eligibility
Degree and Majors: Master degree majoring in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Mechanical, Material science, Physics, Electricals and Electronics, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, and related engineering departments
CGPA requirement=7.0 or above
Location
Taiwan
Please note that Micron will still consider your expertise to match with suitable positions after interviews.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Taiwan
Temporary
Bond applicable
No