Job Details
About Micron
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. Through our global brands — Micron and Crucial — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, and NOR technology.
Micron Taiwan
Micron Taiwan is the DRAM Center of Excellence with mega fabs for manufacturing high-volume DRAM. We have been recognized as "Best Workplaces" for three consecutive years by Great Place to Work Institute. As the largest foreign employer in Taiwan, Micron is people-oriented and has a unique diverse and inclusive working environment, promotion opportunities without qualification limitations, global perspective and job opportunities, an equal salary system for men and women, and a mutually respectful and flexible work atmosphere. Besides, Micron also provides various learning and training, leisure and entertainment and physical and mental health benefits. The examples are various club activities, planning project team competitions, and encouraging employees to organize cross-department optimization teams to propose more efficient solutions. The Benefits Committee plans Family Day, Year-End Party, Mid-Autumn Barbecue and other activities for Micron employees to promote closer teamwork, hoping to create a healthy and high-quality work environment so that employees can balance their work and physical and mental health.
About the Job
As a Facility Engineer, you can learn couple of skills in EI/WTS/HVAC/GC/I&C/System Integration/Maintenance portions. We have different roles like system owner, equipment owner and shift members in our team. For shift member, you should focus on the containment action perform in our operation location with each systems, you should take care 6S as well. Be our door gator of FAC Ops. For equipment owner, you will focus on system CM/PM to enhance system stability. For system owner, you must be the leader to improve cost, labor efficiency , quality & reliability and system capacity. To be a SME(Subject Matter Expert) for specific system.
Education Requirement & eligibility
Degree and Majors: Master degree majoring in Civil Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Electricals and Electronics, Energy, Mechanical Engineering, Chemistry, Materials and related engineering departments
CGPA requirement=7.0 or above
Location
Taiwan
Please note that Micron will still consider your expertise to match with suitable positions after interviews.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Taiwan
Temporary
Bond applicable
No