Job Details
About Micron:
Over
40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been foundational to
innovations that have transformed the world in countless ways. Our technology
and expertise are core to computers that boot up in an instant and work harder
and faster; mobile phones with brilliant screen resolution and longer battery
life; and new business models that are disrupting entire industries faster than
ever — such as entertainment, manufacturing, and finance. As a global leader in
memory and storage solutions, we are transforming how the world uses
information to enrich life by enabling technologies to collect, store and
manage data with unprecedented speed and efficiency.
Culture of Micron:
From
a four-person semiconductor design company in the basement of a Boise, Idaho,
dental office in 1978 to a global, multicultural organization — advocating for
social justice and striving to tip the scales toward a more equitable and
sustainable world, Micron’s culture is what drives its innovation and market
leadership.  Our diversity, equality and
inclusion (DEI) programs are globally recognized and locally designed.
Likewise, we also offer a diverse set of learning options — from self-directed,
winding pathways of knowledge to rigorous academic sprints. We nurture a
culture that is fair, fearless and fun that works to enhance personal and
professional development at every level.
About profile – Global AT-PDE (GDSS)
Do you believe that data provides groundbreaking insight? Do you see data as an asset that builds a competitive advantage? Do you accept the challenges of working with in-memory technologies to construct and deploy data assets delivering insights for business value? Great…so do we!
Micron Technology operates in a highly competitive industry
where innovation depends on forward-thinking minds extracting fresh insights
from an ever-expanding data universe. We operate in a diverse, collaborative
space where problem solving is a team sport and creative solutions are
recognized and rewarded. Does this sound like the right team for you? Good
news. We’re hiring!
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is
helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is
redefining how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron,
Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the
only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, and NOR. Our solutions are purpose built to
leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific
breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.
Job Description:
This role is for a Package design Engineer within Package
Development Engineering (PDE) team.
You will be involved with the design of package
design/substrate layout for cutting edge mobile, consumer, and high-performance
applications. You will be tasked with the layout and design of effective
package layouts that meet outstanding technical standards. You will own and
drive advanced package design and layout in a timely manner – and have ultimate
responsibility for package/SIP layout, optimization, layout verification and
taping out
. The team develops package and substate designs and helps
in cycle time reduction and quality/yield improvements.
Roles
& responsibilities can include but are not limited to:
·
Responsible the package design integration
activities by working with cross-functional team and partners for package
technology development, including material development, process development,
DOEs, and related activities.
·
Work with a cross-functional team across
several geographies to create package design databases such as package
stack-up, wire-bond fanout, route-study, substrate layout, wire bond/Die
placement diagrams, and other design documentation.
·
Work with Substrate and PCB (Printed Circuit
Board) suppliers, OSATs (Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test), and other
ecosystem partners to meet their requirements in Design for manufacturing
(DFM)/ Design for Assembly (DFA)
·
Design complex package layout keeping in mind
signal integrity, power integrity, thermal and mechanical requirements.
·
Contributing to cross group communication to work
towards standardization and group success.
·
Strong oral and written communication skills
.
Preferred
Qualifications:
.
Experience in electrical and physical design of high-speed interface systems in packages is a plus
·
Experience in electrical
modeling, mechanical simulation and characterization of high-speed serial
interface interconnects
·
Experience using 2D and
3D CAD tools, Ansys and other mechanical engineering tools is a plus.
Micron by Numbers:
·
$25.11B FY24 annual revenue
·
264 on the 2024 Fortune 500
·
57,000 patents granted and growing
·
Operations in 18 countries
·
11 manufacturing sites and 12 customer labs
·
21 design center locations
·
~ 48,000 team members
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Hyderabad
Temporary
Bond applicable
No