Job Details
Who are we and what do we do?
BrowserStack is the world's leading software testing platform powering over two million tests every day
across 15 global data centers. BrowserStack's products help developers build bug-free software for the 5
billion internet users accessing websites and mobile applications through millions of combinations of
digital environments—devices, browsers, operating systems, and versions. We help Tesco, Shell, NVIDIA,
Discovery, Wells Fargo, and over 50,000 customers deliver quality software at speed by moving testing to
our Cloud. With BrowserStack, Dev and QA teams can move fast while delivering an amazing experience
for every customer.
BrowserStack was founded by Ritesh Arora and Nakul Aggarwal in 2011 with the vision of becoming the
testing infrastructure for the internet. We recently secured $200 million in Series B funding at a $4 billion
valuation in June 2021.
At BrowserStack we solve real problems—each day is a unique challenge and an opportunity to make a
difference. We strive to be open, transparent, and collaborative, so no feat is too big to achieve.
BrowserStack is an extension of its people and a place where they can grow both professionally and
personally. To that effect, we’re humbled to be recognized by leading organizations around the world:
● BrowserStack is Great Place to Work-Certified™ 2020-21
● Named “SaaS Startup of the Year” in 2022 by SaaSBOOMi
● Ranked in Forbes Cloud 100 in 2021 - for the second time
● Featured in LinkedIn Top Startups India 2018
Role in nutshell:
As a Product Designer, you are accountable for contributing towards improving the experience of an
existing product or working from scratch on any of the new product lines we’re setting up. BrowserStack’s
domain is highly technical and a constant focus on the Developer, QA Engineer persona would be essential
to make an impactful contribution.
This role is for you, if, you
● Are comfortable with ambiguity.
● Are able to work with minimal guidance, and work in an agile environment.
● Leverage available insights like market analysis, customer feedback, usage/engagement metrics,
and usability findings to make informed design decisions.
● Are fluent in working with state of the art UI and prototyping tools (e.g. Figma, Principle, Adobe
CS).
● Are able to break down complex problems into consumable execution items.
● Are fantastic at effectively conveying your thinking and design decisions - you’re able to get
buy-ins from people you collaborate with.
● Are willing to get your hand dirty when it comes to solving problems.
● Have an obsession for tasteful visual design & details along with a good sense of typography.
● Are proactive and self motivated.
● Have an enduring sense of humor :)
● Have an appetite for learning.
Desired experience:
● Bachelors/ Masters degree in Design/ Computer Science would be an advantage.
What will you do?
● Working closely with other designers, product & engineering partners in researching how our productsare being used, identifying opportunities, defining design approaches, and creating rational, wellarticulated, elegant solutions to complex problem statements.
● Conceptualize and execute design solutions end-to-end - from building storyboards, user flow diagramsand wireframes to high fidelity mockups and interactive prototypes, to communicate design ideas tostakeholders and provide seamless hand-offs to engineering.
● Participate in activities that are aimed at developing the culture at BrowserStack and expanding thecommunity presence of Design@BrowserStack.
We have an array of products that range across Manual testing to Automated Testing products that boost avariety of languages and frameworks. You might be expected to contribute to
● Manual Testing Products (eg: Live & App Live)
● Automated Testing Products ( eg: Automate & App Automate)
● Visual Testing Products (eg: Percy)
● Our Digital platforms (eg: Web & App)
● User/product Research & Product Visioning
● Design System & Internal practices
Benefits:
In addition to your total compensation, you will be eligible for following benefits, which will be governed
by the Company policy:
● Medical insurance for self, spouse, upto 2 dependent children and Parents or Parents-in-law up to
INR 5,00,000
● Gratuity as per payment of Gratuity Act, 1972
● Unlimited Time Off to ensure our people invest in their wellbeing, to rest and rejuvenate, spend
quality time with family and friends
● Remote-First work environment that allows our people to work from anywhere in India
● Remote-First Benefit for home office setup, connectivity, accessories, co-working spaces,
wellbeing to ensure an amazing remote work experience
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No