Job Details
Job Responsibilities
1. Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve
them, along with metrics to track their progress
2. Managing available resources such as hardware, data, and personnel so that
deadlines are met
3. Analyzing the ML algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem and
ranking them by their success probability
4. Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying
differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying
the model in the real world
5. Verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning
6. Supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed
7. Finding available datasets online that could be used for training
8. Defining validation strategies
9. Defining the preprocessing or feature engineering to be done on a given
dataset
10. Defining data augmentation pipelines
11. Training models and tuning their hyperparameters
12. Analyzing the errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them
13. Deploying models to production
14. Knowledge and understanding of GCP Ecosystem
Qualification
1. BE/B.Tech/Masters in a quantitative field such as CS, EE, Information sciences,
Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research, or related, with focus
on applied and foundational Machine Learning , AI , NLP and/or / data-driven
statistical analysis & modelling
2. 0-1 years of Experience majorly in applying AI/ML/ NLP / deep learning /
data-driven statistical analysis & modelling solutions to multiple domains,
including financial engineering, financial processes a plus
3. Strong, proven programming skills and with machine learning and deep learning
and Big data frameworks including TensorFlow, Caffe, Spark, Hadoop.
4. Experience with writing complex programs and implementing custom
algorithms in these and other environments
5. Experience beyond using open source tools as-is, and writing custom code on
top of, or in addition to, existing open source frameworks
6. Proven capability in demonstrating successful advanced technology solutions
(either prototypes, POCs, well-cited research publications, and/or products)
using ML/AI/NLP/data science in one or more domains
7. Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches
8. Experience in data management, data analytics middleware, platforms and
infrastructure, cloud and fog computing is a plus
9. Excellent communication skills (oral and written) to explain complex algorithms,
solutions to stakeholders across multiple disciplines, and ability to work in a
diverse team
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Gurugram, Noida, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Coimbatore
None
Bond applicable
No