Job Details
GDS Strategy and
Transactions – Senior Analyst – SCM
EY-Parthenon’s GDS Supply Chain (SCM) team works closely with our US Supply
Chain Practice and onsite counterparts and clients to deliver value through the
seamless execution of supply chain levers in both deal and non-deal
environments. The team works across pillars of Plan, Source, Make and Deliver
in the context of a transaction and as standalone transformation initiatives.
This also includes working in global business development initiatives,
competency building projects, and building state of the art solutions for our
clients.
The opportunity
EY-Parthenon’s GDS SCM practice
works on the most complex and high-profile global transactions and supply chain
transformations. We are a group of experienced strategy and transaction
professionals with a background in supply chain and operations who work across
a broad portfolio of clients and industry sectors. As such, we bring a wealth
of deep supply chain functional knowledge to our clients in the context of
complex transactions and transformations.
This is an opportunity to work
across the entire transaction lifecycle (pre-sign diligence, sign-to-close
planning, post-close execution, etc.) of the most complex integrations
(M&A) and divestitures. Moreover, you’ll have the opportunity to help our
clients solve complex supply chain problems, developing innovative solutions
that transform the supply chain, improving performance and resiliency across
the plan, source, make, deliver/return functions of the supply chain
.
We’re looking for a
Senior Analyst, who supports key outcomes and executes complex workstreams in supply
chain engagements. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a firm whilst
being instrumental in the growth of a fast-growing service offering in Strategy
and Transactions.
Your key
responsibilities
·
Work on solutions that help our clients solve some of their most
pressing supply chain issues. Support key decision makers in developing and
executing their transaction strategy to secure deal value. Lead analyses that
span one or more supply chain functions (Plan, Source, Make, Deliver) in both
deal and non-deal environments. Problem-solve, facilitate, ensure engagement
success, and quality in delivery
·
Use scientific methods and advanced technologies to analyse data, obtain
knowledge and insights and develop models and solutions. Deliver value through
insights, reporting and data visualization techniques
·
Provide insights/observations based on industry/functional knowledge and
best practices research that span Plan, Source, Make, and Deliver
·
Build relationships with EY offices across the globe. Responsible for
high degree of GDS user satisfaction with engagement processes and work
products
Skills and
attributes for success
·        Business and Commercially Driven - work in a fast-paced, exciting environment with strong business acumen to drive value to our clients
·
Well versed with data structure algorithms, familiarity with different
frameworks related to Data Science, ML, LLM, NLP, Deep learning, Scikit-learn,
TensorFlow, or similar
·
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail
·
Good interpersonal and teaming skills
To qualify for the role, you must have
·
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field
·
Hands-on experience through academic projects, internships, or personal
projects related to data analysis and machine learning
·
Proficient in SQL, Python and R. Any certification in AI/ML is a plus
·
Knowledge of data analytics and visualization tools (e.g. Alteryx, Power
BI) and expertise in applying analytics to solve supply chain problems/issues
·
Ability to contribute to client discussions with individual perspectives
/ insights
·
Excellent problem solving, project management, facilitation and
interpersonal skills
·
Strong communication and presentation skills
What you can look
for
·
A Team of people with commercial acumen, technical experience and
enthusiasm to learn new things in this fast-moving environment
·
An opportunity to be a part of market-leading, multi-disciplinary team
of 3,500+ professionals
·
Opportunities to work with EY SaT practices globally with leading
businesses across a range of industries
What we offer
EY Global Delivery Services (GDS) is a dynamic and truly global delivery
network. We work across six locations – Argentina, China, India, the
Philippines, Poland and the UK – and with teams from all EY service lines,
geographies and sectors, playing a vital role in the delivery of the EY growth
strategy. From accountants to coders to advisory consultants, we offer a wide
variety of fulfilling career opportunities that span all business disciplines.
In GDS, you will collaborate with EY teams on exciting projects and work with well-known
brands from across the globe. We’ll introduce you to an ever-expanding
ecosystem of people, learning, skills and insights that will stay with you
throughout your career.
·
Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate
whatever comes next.
·
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so
you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
·
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and
confidence to be the leader the world needs.
·
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and
empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
IN
None
Bond applicable
No