Job Details
Discover Journals aim to support researchers in communicating and advancing discovery for a better world. We do this by providing a trusted environment in which researchers can quickly, easily and transparently share their discoveries, data and research stories by publishing in peer-reviewed journals with an inclusive editorial threshold.
We're looking for a team manager with considerable manuscript handling expertise ideally in the Medicine and Life Sciences to train and lead a team of Associate Editors. The Associate Editors are based in Pune and will work across the majority of the Discover Series journals, their main focus is to support the journal editors and Editorial Board Members in providing rapid peer review and publication. This includes assessment of manuscripts for adherence to editorial policies, finding and inviting appropriate peer reviewers, and making decisions on manuscripts in collaboration with the journal editors at the Discover Series.
The team manager will report to the Discover Series Executive Publisher and will be a key member of the  Discover team. This role is located in our Pune/Delhi office on a hybrid working model. Key performance indicators focus on leading Associate Editors to ensure quick publication, implement effective peer-review practices, and deliver exceptional service to staff, authors, and Editorial Board Members.
Responsibilities include:
Recruit, train and develop a team of manuscript editors, setting performance goals and individual objectives. Devise and implement a training scheme that can be delivered globally
Line management of the Associate Editors, with the objective of providing rapid, constructive peer-review and publication decisions
Acting as handling editor on manuscripts as required, respond to authors, reviewers, EBMs and readers of Discover series in a timely fashion
In early phase of team set-up, support training and sign-off of new Journal Owner in Discover journals (include them in Associate Editor training)
Drive operational excellence to deliver excellent author service
Establish effective tracking and reporting of editorial support provided by the Cross-Journal Team
Work closely with the publishing and Pub-Sol team in policy development initiatives and implement editorial policy as required
Contribute to workflow/editorial improvements, and suggest modifications to workflows as appropriate
Be an active member of the Springer Nature editorial community, engaging with editorial colleagues on other journals and driving collaboration on projects as necessary
To be considered for the position, you will have:
PhD-level research experience (Medicine and Life Sciences)
Comfortable supporting journals with subjects adjacent to or different from Medicine and Life Sciences
Previous experience co-ordinating peer review and making independent manuscript decisions within a world-class STM publishing company
In-depth knowledge of and experience handling editorial ethics and misconduct issues
Strong interpersonal, communication and influencing skills, and fluent in English (written and spoken)
Strong workload management and organizational skills
Able to work independently and as part of a team
Ability to adapt to changing circumstances
Highly self-motivated, resourceful and achievement-oriented
Sound knowledge and interest in science in general
Previous team management experience is a strong plus
Springer Nature is a Disability Confident Committed Employer and we encourage applications from candidates with disabilities. If you consider yourself to have a disability or learning difficulty and wish to submit your application in an alternative format or would like to discuss reasonable adjustments during the application and interview process, please get in touch either by phone on +44 (0)207 014 4020 or by email
SpringerNatureUKCareers@springernature.com
so we can make any necessary arrangements.
If you have any access needs related to disability, neurodivergence or a chronic condition, please contact us so we can make all necessary accommodation.
At Springer Nature we value the diversity of our teams. We recognize the many benefits of a diverse workforce with equitable opportunities for everyone. We strive for an inclusive workplace that empowers all our colleagues to thrive. Our search for the best talent fully encompasses and embraces these values and principles. Springer Nature was awarded Diversity Team of the Year at the 2022 British Diversity Awards. Find out more about our DEI work
here https://group.springernature.com/gp/group/taking-responsibility/diversity-equity-inclusion
For more information about career opportunities in Springer Nature please
visit https://careers.springernature.com/
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
None
Bond applicable
No