Job Details
THE ROLE:
Research is
at the core of WorldQuant. Through rigorous exploration and unconstrained
thinking
about how to apply data to the
financial markets, our researchers are in constant search of new Alphas. We
strive
to understand data in ways our
competitors don’t believe is possible. Researchers at WorldQuant employ tested
processes seeking to identify
high-quality predictive signals that we believe are undiscovered by the wider
market.
These signals are mathematical
expressions of data that are used as inputs in our quantitative models.
WorldQuant is seeking an
exceptional individual to join the firm as a Quantitative Researcher. The
person must
have a strong understanding of the
investment research process to create computer-based models that seek to
predict movements of global
financial markets. While prior finance experience is not required, a successful
candidate must possess a strong
interest in learning about finance and global markets. Candidates will have a
research scientist mind-set; be a
self-starter, a creative and persevering deep thinker who is motivated by
unsolved challenges.
ITS IMPACT:
As we
pursue our goal of creating new Alphas, we need researchers who will lead us
there.
WorldQuant’s unique investment
platform is a leader amongst its peers and the methodology we employ is cutting
edge. We desire people who will
help us in our relentless pursuit to succeed.
WHAT YOU’LL BRING:
·
Ph.D. or M.S. degree from a leading
university in a quantitative or highly analytical field (e.g. – Electrical
Engineering, Physics, Computer
Science, Mathematics, Financial Engineering)
·
Ranked in the top 10% of bachelor’s
degree class
·
Demonstrated ability to program in
Python and C/C++ on a Unix/Linux platform
·
Excellent problem solving abilities
and judgment with a strong attention to detail
·
Mature, thoughtful, with the
ability to operate in a collaborative, team-oriented culture
·
Strong English language skills;
ability to communicate complex concepts in simple terms
·
Open for all department
with CGPA score above 8.5 is required
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No