Job Details
Required
Teachers: For Class 11 & 12
th
State & CBSE Boards along with
competitive examination JEE & NEET as a
Faculty
of Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics & Biology.
Location:
Navi Mumbai (Nerul, Kharghar & Panvel) Central Mumbai (Thane,
Mulund, Bhandup, Kalwa, Dombivli) & Trans Harbour (Airoli).
Highlights:
To d
evelop curriculum and lesson plans, and present those lessons to their
students, in groups or individually (during doubts). They should track the
progress of their students and create reports to inform the institute about
their progress. Teachers are responsible for maintaining a safe and respectful
classroom environment in order to optimize student capabilities and develop
their love of learning. We are looking to hire a talented Teacher to join our
existing top-notch team.
If you're excited to be part of a winning team, Synergy
Academy is a great company for you. Apply now!
Roles &
Responsibilities:
Simplify the
     content & make it interesting so that students develop a learning
     curve & score good marks.
Prepare lesson
     materials, grade papers, manage the classroom, and evaluate and give
     feedback to students.
Measure
     progress and accomplishments of students towards their academic
     achievements on a regular basis and provide progress reports as required.
Provide a
     safe, thriving, and respectful environment for all students in the
     classroom and on the academy’s campus.
Mentoring weak
     students, inspiring rankers to achieve full marks, see that students
     develop a habit according to their respective boards of writing the
     papers.
•Shall be responsible for
effectively delivering the curriculum as per the syllabus for JEE (Main +
Advanced), NEET-UG, BITSAT, MH-CET, 12th Boards, Olympiads etc. Shall be
responsible for the overall performance & improvement of each student.
Requirement: The candidate
must be Graduate /Post Graduate (BE/ BTech/ M.Sc (Physics, Chemistry, Maths
& Biology)/Ph.d.
Salary:
Best in industry, depending on experience & last drawn. For
Fresher CTC of 9 LPA to 12 LPA
Selection
procedure:
Written test, Subject discussion &
HR Interview.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Central Mumbai & Navi Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No