Job Details
GAIL (India) Limited
, a Maharatna PSU and India's flagship Natural Gas company is integrating all aspects of the Natural Gas value chain (including Exploration & Production, Processing, Transmission, Distribution and Marketing) and its related services. In a rapidly changing scenario, GAIL is spearheading the move to a new era of clean fuel industrialization by creating a quadrilateral of green energy corridors that connect major consumption centres in India with major gas fields, LNG terminals and other cross border gas sourcing points. GAIL is also expanding its business overseas to become a formidable player in the International Market.
In order to strengthen our workforce considering upcoming projects and expansion plans, we are planning to induct fresh and bright professionals passing out from India's premier Institutions. We are planning to conduct campus selection process for hiring
Mechanical Engineering
graduates for the post of
Executive Trainee (Mechanical) & Executive Trainee (C&P)
who shall be passing out in the year
2025.
The selection process will be common for both the posts.
On the basis of their performance in the interview and their interest, a few of the selected students will be placed as
ET (Mechanical) and others as ET (C&P).
Contract and Procurement is a commercial function of the organization which requires the candidate(s) to possess degree in Engineering as technical knowledge is required to understand the business process in evaluating proposals for engineering Procurements. There is no differentiation in the pay & perquisites extended to employees in both the disciplines.
Essential Qualification -
Bachelor Degree in Engineering in Mechanical / Production /
Production & Industrial / Manufacturing / Mechanical &
Automobile with minimum 65% marks.
(Relaxed minimum percentage of marks in essential qualification in respect of SC, ST
andPwBD category candidates would be 60% in place of 65%.
The relaxation in percentage is applicable only in respect of posts which are reserved for SC/ST/PwBD category candidates
)
Upper Age Limit
– 26 Years as on 31.03.2025 [Upper age limit is relaxable by 5 years for SC/ST candidates, 3 years for OBC (NCL)
candidates, 10 years for PwBD-General/EWS, 13 years for PwBD-OBC (NCL) and 15 years for PwBD-SC/ST candidates]
The above relaxation in upper age limit only in respect of posts which are reserved for SC/ST/OBC (NCL) category candidates.
Relaxation in Upper age limit shall be applicable for PwBD category candidates irrespective of the fact whether the post is reserved
or not, provided the post is identified suitable for concerned PwBD category candidates.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
All India
Permanent
Bond applicable
No