Job Details
Nation with NaMo: The Graduate Impact Leadership Program (GILP) 2025
When you envision the start of your career in the analytics domain, what do you see? Long hours
spent coding models to optimize business operations or increasing bottomline for a company?
Presenting findings to stakeholders who may rely on your insights to drive business decisions?
Collaborating on analytics projects where your role is a piece of a larger puzzle? Analyzing
consumer behavior to refine marketing strategies?
These are the experiences you might encounter in a traditional quant-driven role, and there's
certainly value in that. If this is the path that excites you, we encourage you to pursue it with vigor.
But if you are seeking something more—a challenge that combines technical and data analytics
expertise with the dynamism of political strategy—then read on.
Imagine this instead: Sitting in a war room, analyzing real-time electoral data to shape strategies
that influence millions in your country. Collaborating with political analysts to build predictive
models that forecast election outcomes. Developing visualizations that distill complex data into
actionable insights for key decision-makers. Engaging directly with electoral data at the booth,
constituency, and state levels to understand voter behavior and trends. Being the guardian of
critical data that drives political decisions. Contribute in a direct manner in the objective of nation
building. And most importantly, seeing the direct impact of your work as it shapes the future of
India.
If this vision resonates with you, then the Graduate Impact Leadership Program 2025 offers you a
unique opportunity. Here, you will go beyond traditional data analysis, combining your skills with
the excitement of shaping political outcomes. Join us, and be part of a team that doesn’t just
interpret data—but uses it to build a new India.
Our team’s background
We are a diverse team of passionate, talented young individuals on a mission to make India better
through our work. We are creating a platform for young professionals to create real impact by
supporting senior political leaders on electioneering, party capability building and governance.
Our team members come from some of the most prestigious academic institutions in the country
including IIT Kanpur, IIT Kharagpur, IIT Delhi, IIT Bombay, IIT Madras, IIT-BHU, IIT Roorkee, IIT
Guwahati, ISB Hyderabad, NLSIU Bangalore, SRCC and LSR.
What does GILP offer ?
Every year, lakhs of bright minds graduate from top educational institutes in India enter the
corporate sector, yet the best minds often miss the chance to tackle the nation's most pressing
issues. GILP aims to bridge this gap.
For college graduates, GILP offers a four-year program where passionate individuals interested in
nation-building can actively engage in projects working with electoral data in the political
ecosystem. It is one of the most ambitious talent development initiatives in our field, aligning with
the best global programs in the corporate world.
1. Unique Experience: You will get a once in a lifetime opportunity to build a fulfilling career in
an upcoming space, a chance to work for political stakeholders at all levels to gain in-depth
exposure about politics and a real chance to contribute towards solving interesting,
unsolved problems at scale.
2. Accelerated learning & growth: You will be part of a small handpicked team of diverse,
passionate and talented individuals who will constantly challenge, support and work with
you to achieve extraordinary outcomes. GILP will set you on the 9 year path to joining the
organizational leadership.
3. Hands-on mentorship: As part of this program, you will be mentored by a team of
seasoned professionals who have pioneered the evolution of this space and undertaken
various electoral campaigns across the country.
4. Competitive remuneration: We understand the value of the talent we have in sustaining
our success and we offer competitive remuneration as part of our commitment to our
people.
What are we looking for in a Decision Scientist?
We seek team members who will be instrumental in the following key areas:
1. System Preparation and Output Generation: Develop systems and outputs to address
specific business-related questions posed by stakeholders. This includes considering the
most effective type of analysis, reporting/visualization formats, and understanding the
behavioral aspects of the electoral problem statement to aid stakeholders in making
informed decisions.
2. Research and Statistical Model Development: Engage in the research, development,
and refinement of statistical models, focusing on the application of domain-specific data.
This includes analyzing demographic and electoral data at various levels (Booth,
Constituency, State, etc.) to derive meaningful insights.
3. Data Analysis and Reporting: Regularly produce detailed reports and analyses, utilizing
system queries to gather data, performing data mining, identifying trends, and developing
forecasts.
4. Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with business, product, and technology
teams to implement projects that leverage data-driven insights.
5. Data Custodianship: Act as the custodian of organizational data, ensuring its maintenance
and effective utilization across multiple teams, while upholding the highest standards of
data integrity.
Eligibility
To be eligible to apply for the Decision Scientist position in GILP, you must:
1. Be a final-year student in an engineering program.
2. Be on track to graduate in 2025 from a 4 or 5-year integrated course.
3. Possess strong analytical problem-solving skills, with preference given to those with
coursework, internships, or projects related to data modeling or exploratory data analysis.
4. Have not applied for the GILP Associate program.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Base Location: Delhi/NCR
Temporary
Bond applicable
No