Job Details
Our Mission
At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission:
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life.
Our vision is a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are.
Our Approach to Work
We lead with flexibility and choice in all of our people programs. We have disrupted the traditional view that all employees have the same needs and wants. We offer personalization and offer our employees the opportunity to choose what works best for them as often as possible - from your wellbeing support to your growth and development, and beyond!
At Palo Alto Networks, we believe in the power of collaboration and value in-person interactions. This is why our employees generally work from the office three days per week, leaving two days for choice and flexibility to work where you feel most effective. This setup fosters casual conversations, problem-solving, and trusted relationships. While details may evolve, our goal is to create an environment where innovation thrives, with office-based teams coming together three days a week to collaborate and thrive, together!
Job Description
Your Career
We are seeking candidates who wish to join our team and solve challenging problems in cyber security and networking. You will be a part of a team that encourages growth, focuses on short- and long-term goals, encourages sharing and cross team development.
Your Impact
Be an independent and self driven engineer
Work with a team of engineers to plan, design, and iteratively deliver complex systems for cybersecurity and network security
Work with others on the engineering team to manage the day-to-day development activities, participate in designs, design review, code review, and implementation
Design and code technical solutions for cybersecurity and network security
Working with cloud technologies and tools
Qualifications
Your Experience
A final year student with BE (Computer Science/ IT/Electronics)
Self-starter and highly motivated individual
Strong interest and aptitude for analytical problem solving
Strong computer fundamentals and knowledge of networking is a plus
Strong communication skills and can-do attitude
Additional Information
The Team
Our engineering team is at the core of our products – connected directly to the mission of preventing cyberattacks. We are constantly innovating – challenging the way we, and the industry, think about cybersecurity. Our engineers don’t shy away from building products to solve problems no one has pursued before.
We define the industry, instead of waiting for directions. We need individuals who feel comfortable in ambiguity, excited by the prospect of a challenge, and empowered by the unknown risks facing our everyday lives that are only enabled by a secure digital environment.
Our Commitment
We’re trailblazers that dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.
Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore/ Pune/ Gurgaon
Temporary
Bond applicable
No