Job Details
Overview of FMA
FMA provides a differentiated range of advisory services, leveraging BlackRock's Aladdin platform and the firm's sophisticated capital markets, data and analytics, technology, and financial modeling capabilities while maintaining information barriers. FMA was founded in 2008 in response to the unprecedented challenges governments, financial institutions, and central banks faced as they confronted the financial crisis. They sought an impartial expert with the expertise and technology to help address some of their most difficult and challenging problems, from analyzing and unwinding complex asset portfolios to helping reassess central bank balance sheets. To meet that need, BlackRock established Financial Markets Advisory as a separate and independent business from BlackRock’s traditional asset management business. FMA advises financial institutions, regulators, and government entities on their most critical financial issues. Example areas of support include bank stress-testing, unwinding asset portfolios, designing and implementing bond purchase programs to support to the economy, and climate risk analytics and advisory. We work with senior management at these organizations, with a focus on balance sheet, capital markets, and sustainability considerations as well as a wide range of other strategic, regulatory, and operational challenges. Since our founding, we have completed over 500 assignments for more than 280 unique clients in 37 countries. Our professionals work out of all three BlackRock regions (Americas, EMEA, APAC), allowing FMA to serve clients in all locations and time zones and respond to urgent needs as they arise. For assignments demanding cross-disciplinary expertise, we unite professionals from multiple offices to deliver the most effective team for any client situation. What will you do as an Analyst?
Analysts work on a diverse set of client engagements as part of multi-disciplinary project teams, encompassing subject matter authorities, engagement managers, and others. In this role you will develop and use data and analytical skills to create, review, and deliver analyses to clients, frequently using BlackRock proprietary technology platforms.
Candidates must be interested in financial markets and be able to apply creative solutions to solve client objectives and challenges. Team members will gain subject matter expertise about financial institutions and relevant capital markets and sustainability objectives.
The team has a strong focus on scalability to foster business growth. Analysts support this by playing a meaningful role in the design and enhancement of processes and tools.
The ideal applicant will craft and implement solutions to address a variety of client objectives, rooted in a clear understanding of the client and business context driving client
opportunities and challenges. The role involves frequent interaction and engagement with FMA team members globally across the US, EMEA, and APAC offices, and with partner teams across the firm. We deploy the breadth and depth of the firm’s capabilities to deliver success to our clients.
Team members gain exposure to senior internal and external leaders on a range of complex financial topics and participate in client pitches, presentations, and deliverables. We work in a fast-paced environment frequently subject to tight timeframes and strive to provide a substantial impact to our clients.
Our work provides team members with the ability to keep abreast of capital market, sustainability, and broader financial institutions trends. Understanding the constantly evolving landscape of relevant technological tools and solutions is also key to success.
Qualifications and Capabilities
•
Interest in understanding financial institutions and their capital markets and sustainability considerations
•
Excellent problem-solving abilities and intellectual curiosity
•
Passion for data and analytical work and in performing sophisticated analyses
•
Meticulous attention to detail and strong sense of initiative and ownership
•
Comfort with constantly adapting and learning new skills as markets and our clients’ needs evolve; able to navigate diverse projects with varied requirements
•
Python programming skills required; additional experience with other programming languages helpful, especially scripting, database, modeling, and visualization tools
•
Degree in a quantitative, engineering, computer science, or similar field
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Gurgaon/Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No