Job Details
"Jumpstart your engineering career with HALCON—join us as a Software Engineer and help shape the future of cutting-edge weapons systems and robotics with a team at the forefront of defense technology."
About HALCON
HALCON is a regional and international leader that offers next-generation Weapons Systems and Robotics Expertise to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing world. HALCON has developed in-house expertise across the entire value chain for gravity-release bomb guidance systems. This includes design, development, testing, manufacturing and assembly. Our end-to-end capabilities ensure exceptional quality and competitive pricing. As well, we are faster and more flexible in meeting customer requirements.
Job Summary:
The software engineer I should have some experience in the field of software development. Be able to perform basic software system and subsystem design, coding, evaluation and testing and reporting, as well as learn by maintaining and fixing basic software. Some exposure to classification and certification of software.
Key Accountabilities:
Demonstrate proficient understanding of Embedded C, encompassing complexities such as memory management, pointers, interrupt handling,multi-threading, and multi-processing.
Familiarity with common communication protocols.
Apply technical specification practices in accordance with international standards and certifications (e.g., MIL-STDs, IEC/IEEE standards, RTCAstandards like DO-178C).
Utilize Unified Modeling Language (UML) and System Modeling Language (SysML) where necessary.
Deliver code meeting requirements and company software quality standards.
Adhere to coding standards and configuration management practices.
Conduct unit testing to minimize defects and actively participate in reviews.
Provide guidance to peers and juniors on specification practices, coding standards, testing methods, and configuration management.
Implement Halcon software engineering standards, utilizing a model-based approach and tools.
Investigate and understand the structure and execution flow of existing software.
Modify existing software to accommodate new requirements and fix reported defects.
Ensure compliance with existing software structure and logic.
Maintain traceability to and from higher-level requirements and designs.
Offer insights to management regarding future software requirements and needs.
Experience & Education Qualifications:
BSc Electronic/Software Engineering or Computer Science.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Permanent
Bond applicable
No