Job Details
The Opportunity:
Smartphones, tablet, and other mobile devices have completely revolutionized our daily lives. From communicating and sharing information to travelling, shopping & enhancing our well-being, Samsung and Android have been at the core of this revolution.
At Samsung Research Institute Bangalore (SRIB), we have the largest design team in India comprising designers from reputed design institutes. With a thriving design culture - as vibrant as in any campus, we work on diverse set of interesting design problems in areas like AI, AR, Services (Consumer apps), Wearables, IoT, Voice UI etc., which is unmatched in any other company in India
Job Profile:
1. As a designer, you would be an important member of the UX team working on Samsung’s current and future designs for various consumer apps.
2. You would be working in close collaboration with local stakeholders (Executives, Product Management, Engineering, Business teams), and with global design team in South Korea.
3. You are expected to think on a system level to design experiences that can work cohesively across multiple platforms and multiple devices.
4. Create guidelines, reference artefacts, and resources wherever necessary for effective communication.
5. You should have innate understanding of the current interaction trend, superlative visual design sensibilities, with deep awareness of latest design practices.
6. Keep themselves up to date and passionate about rapidly changing technology and share their unique perspective with the team.
7. Ability to work with different stakeholders to understand detailed requirements and design complete user experiences that meet the needs and vision.
8. Work with a fast paced design team across various design activity like user research, interaction design and shipping of design.
Qualification:
 Effective communicator of design processes, ideas, and solutions to teams and stakeholders
 Drive, commitment and perseverance to design world's best user experience is a must
 Design education - Formal education in Product Design, Interaction Design, Communication Design, HCI or a related field (Bachelor's/Master's)
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
Temporary
Bond applicable
No