Job Details
Role:  AM Research Engineer - Solid State Battery (Process Engineering)
About Us:
Ola has revolutionized personal mobility by making it seamless and accessible. Today Ola is amongst the world’s leading mobility companies serving 250 million customers across 3 continents. Our electric vehicles business is the next step in our mission to move the world to sustainable mobility. We believe that India with its unique skill sets, manpower and demography, should not just lead the global movement towards electric vehicles but be the driving force that creates this change. To accelerate this, we’re investing nearly INR 2,400 crores to build the world’s largest two-wheeler factory, which will have the capacity to manufacture over 10M electric two wheelers a year and will create over 10,000 jobs.
Roles and Responsibilities
Conduct the development of specialised high power electrodes with solid state electrolytes
Conduct systematic processing experiments using electrode formulations to determine key parameters of product quality and electrochemical performance controls identified within the materials engineering team.
Document processing parameters and provide key learning for cross-functional teams in order to allow the transition to the growth of output
Designing and improving solvent-free formulations (dry processes) and electrode or composite manufacturing to achieve energy density and calendar-life goals.
Design, assembly, and test of various cell formats and results to direct and promote the production of batteries.
Working on a process of mass production with external collaborators.
Work with analytic equipment (CV, SEM, TGA, FTIR, DSC, etc.) in a dry room environment.
Contribute to creative and practical improvements for existing device assemblies
Experience & Skills
A minimum of 4-6 years of experience doing hands-on electrochemical experiments and analysis
Strong technical expertise in theoretical and applied electrochemistry with experience in electrodeposition
Demonstrated ability to collect and interpret electrochemical data, and relate the data back to underlying materials-related properties/processes (diffusion, charge transfer, etc.).
Deep working knowledge and fundamental understanding of electrochemical characterization techniques (Cyclic voltammetry, Impedance spectroscopy, 3-electrode cells, Galvanostatic Intermittent Titration, etc.)
Knowledge of state-of-the-art lithium (ion) battery materials
Working experience with testing of battery cell
Software Knowledge: Minitab
Qualifications
PhD/Masters in in electrochemistry, materials science, chemistry, chemical engineering, or related scientific discipline
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Tentatively Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No