Job Details
Designation:
SDE I
Location:
Bangalore
Mode of working :
Hybrid
About us
Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.
Our Mission
Democratising internet commerce for everyone - Meesho (Meri shop) started with a single idea in mind to be an e-commerce destination for the next billion Indian consumers and enable 100 million small businesses to succeed online. We provide sellers with a range of industry-first benefits such as zero commission and the lowest shipping cost.  Over 1.75
million sellers are registered on Meesho, growing their business by tapping the company’s massive customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, pan-India logistics at the lowest cost through third-party logistics providers in an 'Everyday Lowest Cost' channel for sellers. Affordable, relatable merchandise mirroring local markets has helped us make inroads with first-time internet users in the country. We cater to an underserved and unique customer base and cover every serviceable pincode in the country. Our unique business model and continuous innovation has enabled us to become the first Indian horizontal E-commerce company.
About the Team
When 5% of Indian households shop with us, it’s important to build resilient systems to manage millions of orders every day. We’ve done this – with zero downtime! Sounds impossible? Well, that’s the kind of Engineering muscle that has helped Meesho become the e-commerce giant that it is today. We value speed over perfection, and see failures as opportunities to become better. We’ve taken steps to inculcate a strong ‘Founder’s Mindset’ across our engineering teams, making us grow and move fast. We place special emphasis on the continuous growth of each team member - and we do this with regular 1-1s and open communication.
About the Role
As a
SDE I
we expect you to be motivated in solving real-life complex problems and creating compelling experiences for our customers. We have a culture of creative problem- solving, intellectual design, fast-paced development, and passionate product delivery. The pace of our growth is incredible. If you seek to address complex and intriguing challenges on Bharat's scale and contribute significantly within an entrepreneurial ecosystem, Meesho is the ideal place for you.
1.Collaborate with teams to develop new features for Meesho customers and suppliers
2.Leverage state-of-the-art technologies and write highly performant code
3.Take end-to-end ownership of features, from ideation to production
Technical Requirements:
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent understanding of data structures and algorithms, and their space & time complexities
Strong hands-on and practical working experience with at least one programming language: Java/Python/C++
Excellent coding skills — should be able to convert design into code fluently.
Eligibility Criteria
1.
Branch -
B.Tech/ Integrated MTech from the target school’s batch of 2025
2.
Specialization
-Computer Science , Information Technology & the circuit branches
3.No standing arrears
Other Perks and Benefits:
Flexible work hours and a healthy work-life balance.
Regular team outings, fun activities, and engagement in various clubs.
Opportunity to work with a diverse and talented team.
Exposure to different business verticals and the chance to make a significant impact.
Join us at Meesho and be a part of our journey to revolutionize e-commerce in India. Apply now and turn your ideas into reality!
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
None
Bond applicable
No