Job Details
WHAT YOU’LL DO
WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL
● Explore the Coupa suite of products, and platforms, managing 2 Trillion $+ for our customers.
● Know how we add value to our customers while saving billions of dollars for them.
● Explore how we achieve 100% automation using multi-layer test architecture comprising back-end, API, and UI
automation, enabling us to ship the highest quality products every time.
● Understand Coupa's inverted organization chart where you will be at the top and meet all the people who will
support and help you achieve your goals.
● Tackle your first task based on the area which excites you the most.
WITHIN First Release (4 months), YOU'LL
● Believe in Coupa Core values.
● Learn Coupa's core engineering principles.
● Join the team that best fits your areas of passion and organizational needs.
● Learn the product you are working in, the most used features by customers, and what value it adds for them.
● Own your first feature, how it will enable our customers to do things better, and do what it takes to release it with
Coupa quality while doing 100% automation.
● Learn from the best in business (Your team) throughout. Get the design, tests, automation code reviewed, and get
set on the journey of learning and improving all the time.
● Own customer issues to understand how they use the features, how it was missed in the development cycle, test and
release it, and of course, automate it along the way.
● Work with the manager supporting you to set your 4,8 and 12-month goals based on your interest areas and create a
learning plan driving that. Review periodically to self-track your progress.
WITHIN Second Release (8 Months), YOU'LL
● Start living Coupa core values for all the professional work we do. (Link above)
● Know your product in-depth; its critical integrations with other products, and be an expert in its key areas that you
could help support the team on issues around it.
● Build your expertise in your interest tools and technologies, not limited to Ruby, GO, cloud technologies like AWS,
Google Cloud, Azure, Kubernetes, Ansible, RunDeck, Dockers, Kafka, Elastic Search, etc. and be the go-to person for
any challenges around that.
● All of the things from the first release, only this time, you could do it better from the last release. Build a metric to
measure the same and continue to track it.
● Continue to work with the manager supporting you to track your second release goals set earlier and make
necessary adjustments.
WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL
● Be an advocate of Coupa's core values.
● Own complex product features, including cross-functional ones, and collaborate with teams to ship it with Coupa
quality.
● Get involved in reviews, identify the gaps, and guide team members for continuous improvement.
● Stay recent with tools and technologies and bring in improvements in everything we do.
● Learn to apply SOLID design principles and patterns for all the work and continue to be better at the quality of work
produced.
● Bring in innovation to continually ensure customer success.
● Have made a visible impact on the product for all the users.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Hyderabad
Temporary
Pune
Temporary
Bond applicable
No