Job Details
Job Overview
Lumenci is a legal tech startup founded by a group of IIT alumni in the US. Lumenci’s mission is to transform the legal and intellectual property industry in US & Europe with groundbreaking products and services. We are currently looking to build an exceptionally strong technical team in Gurugram, India, to help us deliver high-quality products and services to our clients. Lumenci is looking for self-driven, gritty, technology enthusiasts. If you are curious about technology, enjoy working in a high-growth startup, hands-on with gadgets, and keep up with the next big thing in Tech - you might be a great fit
Responsibilities and Duties
·      Provide technology consulting services to law firms and corporates.
·      Understand underlying technologies to analyze patent portfolios and help solve clients’ core technical queries.
·      Conduct research & analysis, including but not limited to technology due diligence, market research, prior art searches, target scouting, invalidity analysis, infringement analysis and claim charting.
·      Be a part of the product development team in developing the legal tech product.
·      Work in different aspects of the product life-cycle.
·      Explain complex technology matters to non-technical audiences.
·      Excavate evidence to identify patent infringement using product testing, source code review and product documentation research.
·      Build models to analyze large data and draw insights.
·      Work with product teams to guide the development & testing of Lumenci’s technology platforms.
·      Showcase technology and IP thought leadership via blogs and research reports.
·      Collaborate across the organization in-person and with virtual, global teams.
·      Establish and cultivate relationships internally and externally.
Expected Competencies and Skills
·      Strong fundamentals in telecom, software architecture, high-scale computing, computer security, cryptography, databases, and/or applied mathematics.
·      Familiarity with products, services, and standards in web, mobile, enterprise, media, etc.
·      Excellent verbal and written communication skills, especially in technical writing.
·      Proficiency in technical research.
·      Ability to think critically, learn fast, and work with minimal supervision under tight deadlines.
·      Entrepreneurial and go-getter attitude.
Benefits
·      Performance-driven compensation package.
·      Rapid career growth.
Lumenci Values
An ideal candidate would share our way of working
·
Customers first:
Lumenci is a customer-first company, with the focus of creating a long-term relationship with our clients. Customers here include internal employees and candidates who are part of the recruitment process.
·
Quality, Ownership, and Accountability:
We are passionate about results and take full ownership of our work. We are performance-oriented and have a drive for excellence.
·
Collaboration:
We encourage collaboration over competition, work in small teams, and believe that teams do better than individuals.
·
Growth Mindset:
We are adaptable to changing requirements and needs of a dynamic high-growth company. We encourage each other to take diverse initiatives and develop new competencies.
About Lumenci
Lumenci is the technology industry’s most strategic patent monetization partner. We work with the world’s top technology companies, law firms, inventors, and start-ups to find the value in their inventions and help them pursue—and defend—that value throughout the ideation to monetization lifecycle. We help clients convert innovation into patent portfolios and identify their best monetization opportunities. We work with a wide variety of technologies including hardware and software, telecom, networking, and biotech technologies. Lumenci combines technology domain expertise with strategic industry connections to guide towards the best route to ROI. From ideation to monetization -- we illuminate the way.
Location
: Gurgaon
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Gurgaon
None
Bond applicable
No