Job Details
About Micron
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. Through our global brands — Micron and Crucial — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, and NOR technology.
Micron Taiwan
Micron Taiwan is the DRAM Center of Excellence with mega fabs for manufacturing high-volume DRAM. We have been recognized as "Best Workplaces" for three consecutive years by Great Place to Work Institute. As the largest foreign employer in Taiwan, Micron is people-oriented and has a unique diverse and inclusive working environment, promotion opportunities without qualification limitations, global perspective and job opportunities, an equal salary system for men and women, and a mutually respectful and flexible work atmosphere. Besides, Micron also provides various learning and training, leisure and entertainment and physical and mental health benefits. The examples are various club activities, planning project team competitions, and encouraging employees to organize cross-department optimization teams to propose more efficient solutions. The Benefits Committee plans Family Day, Year-End Party, Mid-Autumn Barbecue and other activities for Micron employees to promote closer teamwork, hoping to create a healthy and high-quality work environment so that employees can balance their work and physical and mental health.
About the Job
Drive process and product improvements
and solutions to ensure that product quality and reliability to meet or exceed
customer requirements.
Scope of work includes and are not
limited to Industry 4.0 Solutions, process control solutions, statistical
process monitoring, failure analysis, new product introduction and yield
improvement.
1. Quality engineering PTS/ PG/ RMA/ Qual
Job/Project
2. Package quality and reliability for
Micron’s product lines
3. Failure analysis and yield enhancement
4. RMA return and deviation lots handling
5. Collecting/Analyzing Data, and
developing analysis Tools
6. Deployment of Quality systems and
programs
Education Requirement & eligibility
Degree and Majors: Master degree majoring in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Mechanical, Material science, Physics, Electricals and Electronics, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, and related engineering departments
CGPA requirement=7.0 or above
Location
Taiwan
Please note that Micron will still consider your expertise to match with suitable positions after interviews.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Taiwan
Temporary
Bond applicable
No