Job Details
Enabling
the movement toward advanced chip design, KLA's Inspection/Measurement,
Analytics and Control group (MACH) is looking for the best and brightest
application development engineers to join our team. The MACH team's mission is
to collaborate with our customers to innovate technologies and solutions that
detect and control highly complex process variations—at their source—rather
than compensate for them at later stages of the manufacturing process. With
over 40 years of semiconductor process control experience, chipmakers around
the globe rely on KLA to ensure that their fabs ramp next-generation devices to
volume production quickly and cost-effectively. Our MACH team develops
leading-edge solutions for semiconductor manufacture process analytics and defect
control technologies, thereby providing customers with critical insight at the
feature level, field level and cross-wafer analysis. Our teams also develop
advanced machine learning, data analytics and process control modeling
technologies. As a member of the MACH team, you’ll be joining the most
sophisticated and successful process-control company in the semiconductor
industry--working across functions to solve the most complex technical problems
in the digital age.
Responsibilities:
·
The candidate will have
the ability to work with a customer team at customer sites to conduct
investigations, gather and analyze Fab data, understand root causes of process
errors, and develop and implement process control solutions to reduce killer
defects and improve yield.
·
Engaging with customers
in defining problem statements, resolving customer issues, generating best
known method (BKM) documents and other training material
·
Projects related to new
product introduction: definition, characterization, alpha testing, beta testing
and customer usecase development.
·
Responsible for various
pre and post sales application support Klarity activities.
·
Customizing Machine
Learning Python and Perl scripts to improve data analysis result.
·
Learn new tasks and
adapt to change, establish priorities, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
·
This engineer is
expected to work with customers to publish papers at industry symposiums or in
technical journals.
Preferred Qualifications:
·
Strong background in
data analytic and logic thinking.
·
Having basic
semiconductor knowledge is strongly preferred.
·
Having data analysis knowledge
and machine learning (Python/Perl) programming skills is preferred.
·
Having experience with
data structure and familiar with Oracle database (SQL) is a plus.
·
The candidate must be
self-driven, yet a strong team player.
·
The candidate must have
good oral and written communication skill in English, organizational,
analytical, and interpersonal skills.
·
Frequent travel (>60%) to
customer sites is required.
Education Qualification:
·
Master or PhD degrees in Electrical
Engineering, Data Science, Chemistry Engineering, Materials Science
We offer a competitive, family friendly total rewards package. We
design our programs to reflect our commitment to an inclusive environment,
while ensuring we provide benefits that meet the diverse needs of our
employees. KLA is proud to be an equal opportunity employer
Be
aware
of potentially fraudulent job postings or suspicious recruiting
activity by persons that are currently posing as KLA employees.  KLA never
asks for any financial compensation to be considered for an interview, to
become an employee, or for equipment. Further, KLA does not work with any
recruiters or third parties who charge such fees either directly or on behalf
of KLA
.
KLA follows a recruiting process
that involves multiple interviews in person or on video conferencing with our
hiring managers.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Chennai
Temporary
Bond applicable
No