Job Details
Company overview:
Google is not a conventional company, and we don’t intend to become one. True, we share attributes
with the world’s most successful organizations – a focus on innovation and smart business practices
comes to mind – but even as we continue to grow, we’re committed to retaining a small-company feel.
At Google, we know that every employee has something important to say, and that every employee is
integral to our success. Googlers thrive in small, focused teams and high-energy environments, believe
in the ability of technology to change the world, and are as passionate about their lives as they are about
their work. For more information, visit www.google.com/careers.
The areas:
Engineering & Operations: Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a
broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make
an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they
routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new
platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to
Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
The role:
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how millions of
users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our ambitions reach far beyond
just Search. Our products need to handle information at the scale of the web. We're looking for ideas
from every area of computer science, including information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural
language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data
compression, and user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software
engineer, you work on a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fast-paced business
grows and evolves. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to tackle new problems as we
continue to push technology forward. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test,
deploy and maintain software solutions. Responsibilities:
● Research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's
product offering
● Contribute to a wide variety of projects utilizing natural language processing, artificial
intelligence, data compression, machine learning and search technologies
● Collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information
● Work with and support a productive and innovative team
● Solve all problems that come your way
Minimum qualifications:
● Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
● Completed projects or classes focused on data structures and algorithms
● Ability to select and implement an algorithm, using appropriate data structures to efficiently
solve a problem; interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development
● Experience with Unix/Linux or Windows and/or Mac environments, distributed systems, machine
learning, information retrieval and TCP/IP
● Experience with programming in C, C++, Java and/or Python
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore, Hyderabad, Gurgaon, Pune
None
Bond applicable
No