Job Details
Job Description:
We are seeking a
highly skilled and motivated specialist in computational modelling and simulation
field, to join our R&D team for supporting aluminium smelter design and
process optimization activities. In this role, he/she would develop advanced
models, perform simulations and analysis to solve complex engineering problems to
improve smelting process & its performance.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop and Execute
     Computational Models:
Build multi-physics,
     CFD, FEA models to analyse new design concepts and process operational performance.
     Also, create scripts, workflows or tools to streamline simulations and
     automate repetitive tasks.
Measurement & Analysis:
Perform experiments / measurements in representative
     process at plant for model calibration and validation, also analyse data
     to extract meaningful insights.
Design and Process Optimization:
Use simulation-driven techniques to
     identify optimal solutions for performance, productivity enhancement,
     energy and cost reduction.
·
Stay Current with Industry
Trends:
Stay updated with advancements in computational modelling
& simulation technologies, optimization methodologies to bring cutting-edge
solutions to the team.
Cross-functional
     Collaboration
:
Work closely with process experts, design engineers, and
     stakeholders to define requirements, share findings, and trial / implementation
     of recommended solution.
·
Technical Documentation
:
Prepare detail documentation of simulation
analysis, observations, and results for internal records and technical reports.
Education
Qualifications
:
·
Master’s degree in mechanical /
chemical / metallurgical engineering.
Skills
:
Strong expertise in
     computational modelling tools such as ANSYS, Fluent, COMSOL, MATLAB, or
     equivalent software.
Experience with developing
     mathematical models and numerical techniques (e.g., FVM, FEM, Multiphysics,
     CFD modelling etc).
Knowledge in
     optimization techniques, including DOE, gradient-based, or evolutionary
     algorithms.
Strong analytical
     thinking and problem-solving abilities, attention to detail and a
     proactive mindset toward continuous improvement.
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and
collaboration skills with cross-disciplinary teams
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Taloja Navi Mumbai
Temporary
Bond applicable
No