Job Details
About EY Parthenon
EY-Parthenon aims to create a unique world-class strategy practice that delivers long-term value  to  our
clients, our people and EY. As a sub-service line within Strategy and Transactions, it brings
together professionals with diverse strategic capabilities and deep sector insights. EY-Parthenon
enables our professionals to lead from the front, unlock the full potential of strategy, transactions and
restructuring, and reshape work, paving the way for major transformation programs, and driving
measurable impact to the rest of EY. EY- Parthenon plays a critical role in driving collaboration
between sub-service lines, within service lines and across the firm.
The opportunity
EY is looking for a suitable member for our team in Strategy practice. The role provides an opportunity
to be part of the team which assist businesses in setting strategic goals and identifying the steps to
meet them, analyse industry dynamics such as market size, growth, and share of leading competitors,
identify the business’ unique competitive advantage and help create alignment among all business units
and functions to support and enhance this positioning. Team offers clients with Business Model
Reinvention,  New  Market  Entry Opportunities and Digital Strategy and Innovation
Your key responsibilities
• Understand client issues and assist businesses in setting strategic goals and
identifying the steps to meet them
• Assist team with commercial due diligence which is to analyze market dynamics
including  the  size  and  growth  of  an  industry  as  well  as  the  individual  target’s
positioning, potential growth levers, risks, and opportunities
• Assist with new strategy formulation which includes evaluating opportunities for growth
including entering new geographies, offering new products and services, or serving new
customer segments
• Assist with solutions revolving around Digital Strategy and Innovation by assessing
the clients underlying digital business models, explore avenues for new growth, both
organically  and  inorganically,  and  construct  the  roadmap  to  build,  grow  and
transform the organization for the digital world
• Offering Go to Market Strategy by identifying opportunities to improve how products
and services reach customers including but not limited to decisions related to   route-to-
market,   channel   selection,   pricing   optimization,   and   customer segmentation
• Assisting Transaction integration services by deploying a holistic integration program
that addresses topics such as people, value, control, execution and technology is
imperative
• Assist the project team to in help clients improve portfolio management, divestment
strategy and execution
• Also assist the project team in pre deal analysis and Due Diligence by synergy
identification,   validation,   planning   and   delivery   tracking.   Also   focusing   on
operational due diligence and IT due diligence
• Responsible for a specific workstream in the project
• Responsible for contributing towards knowledge sharing portals to build the
practices intellectual property
Skills and attributes for success
• Demonstrated ability to deliver on complex assignments
• Experience in delivering business strategy and diligence projects in complex
environments
• Strong quantitative skills for data analysis, interpretation of output, and generation
of insights
• Research oriented mindset
• Should have an eye for detail
• Ability to flex individual styles and work back with diverse teams
• Strong communication skills – oral and written (in terms of making presentation)
• Strong financial modelling skills and clarity of financial concepts
• Desire to contribute and succeed in a fun, exciting, collegial, and challenging
environment
• Proficient in the English language both in writing and verbally, in a professional
environment
• Willingness and ability to travel
To qualify for the role, you must have
• Engineering graduates (from premier institute) with a good academic background
Ideally, you’ll also have
• Strong communication, facilitation, relationship-building, presentation and
negotiation skills.
• Be highly flexible, adaptable, and creative.
• Comfortable interacting with senior executives (within the firm and at the client)
• Strong leadership skills and supervisory responsibility.
What we look for
People with the ability to work in a collaborative way to provide services across multiple client  departments
while adhering to commercial and legal requirements. You will need a practical  approach to solving issues
and complex problems with the ability to deliver insightful and practical solutions.
What working at EY offers
EY  is  committed  to  being  an  inclusive  employer  and  we  are  happy  to  consider  flexible  working arrangements.
We  strive  to  achieve  the  right  balance  for  our  people,  enabling  us  to  deliver excellent  client  service  whilst
allowing  you  to  build  your  career  without  sacrificing  your  personal priorities. While our client-facing professionals
can be required to travel regularly, and at times be based at client sites, our flexible working arrangements can help
you to achieve a lifestyle balance.
About EY
As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people
in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture  that believes  in  giving  you  the  training,
opportunities  and  creative  freedom  to  make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the
exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime.
If you can  confidently  demonstrate  that  you  meet  the  criteria  above,  please  contact us as soon as possible.
Join us in building a better working world. Apply now.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
PAN India
None
Bond applicable
No