Job Details
Gan.ai 
About Us: 
Generate millions of hyper-customized videos with the help of our studio-quality AI video 
personalization software. Delight your customers using our generative AI video 
personalization platform — record once, and generate millions of hyper-customized videos 
for every user across each step of the customer journey with perfect voice and lip-sync. 
About the role: 
We are looking for a DL/ML Engineer in the field of Natural/Spoken Language 
Understanding (NLU/SLU) to lead product development at Gan. This person will be working 
on problems related to spoken dialog systems. The tech involves using LLMs, ASRs, TTS, 
etc. to handle complex goal-directed conversations. 
Responsibilities: 
You will be working with Product Managers and Engineers to design, build, and deliver ML 
models and capabilities for our voice bot product. 
● Formulate and design ML capabilities of our stack with a particular focus on SLU. 
● Lead teams, engineers, and scientists to envision and build new conversational 
capabilities and ensure delivery of our product roadmap. 
● Organize regular reviews and discussions. 
● Keep the team up-to-date with the latest industrial and research updates. 
Experience: 
● 2+ years of product development experience in the industry, preferably in NLP and 
SLU. 
● Knowledge of and ability to use tools from theoretical and practical aspects of 
computer science. This includes, but is not limited to, probability, statistics, learning 
theory, algorithms, software architecture, programming languages, etc. 
● Good programming skills and ability to work with programs at all levels of a finished 
Machine Learning product. We prefer language agnosticism since that exemplifies 
this point. 
● Git portfolios and blogs are helpful as they let us better evaluate your work. 
Qualifications: 
● Bachelor's or Master’s degree in CS or other technical fields. 
● 2+ years of experience in DL/ML positions in industry or academia 
Why should you join us?  
● Working very closely with the founding team, you also have the chance to influence 
and drive the direction of the company significantly. 
● Starting with coding/engineering solutions, you’ll have the opportunity to grow with 
the team and lead it. 
● Thrill of an early-stage startup growing rapidly
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Noida
None
Bond applicable
No