Job Details
Responsibilities
● Leads the controller design and integration process for launch vehicle control systems
and related components
●Specifically, Aid in the development of Autopilot linear stability testing and analysis.
●Design Non-linear 6DOF simulation analysis and scenario analysis.
●Review system level and launch vehicle requirements.
●Lead development and maintenance of software tools that predict pre-flight
performance under nominal, off-nominal conditions.
●
Perform post flight verification of simulation predictions and Monte Carlo through
multiple flight conditions.
●
Create hazards assessment programs and tools to understand probability of impact
and expected damage from off-nominal and failure modes.
●Support design reviews and milestones as necessary.
●Assists independent sections of propulsion control systems.
●Aid specifically, the development of some or all of the following.
●Design of Mixture ratio control & stability analysis.
●Integration of mixture ratio control, electric motor speed control and propellant
utilisation loops.
●
Development of system level requirements for cross coupled dynamics between
propellant utilisation algorithms and vehicle guidance / autopilot algorithms.
●Support design reviews and milestones as necessary.
●Supports hardware design & implementation of the vehicle across multiple control
systems.
●Analog and mixed signal design with focus on launch vehicle hardware.
●Board level design for both ground checkout systems and flight hardware.
●Support design reviews and milestones as necessary
Basic Qualifications
● Bachelor's Degree in Electrical engineering, Electronics & Communications or
Mechanical engineering
● Highly developed computer skills using EE design/analysis software
● Good understanding of product development and Control network
● Decent software programming skills
Preferred Skills and Experience
● Masters degree in Electrical engineering, Electronics & Communications engineering
● Knowledge in spacecraft ACS hardware and software development - ACS design,
manufacture, simulation, and test
● KNowledge in mechanical systems and engines
● Hands on experience using electrical/software test and analysis equipment
● Good understanding of orbital mechanics, multi-body dynamics, and
controls-structures interaction
● KNowledge with static constrained optimization, calculus of variations, dynamic
optimization, maximum principle, Riccati equations, learning and adaptation in
controllers.
Additional Requirements
● Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed
What you could take away?
●
You might have designed one of the most challenging autopilot algorithms in the
world.
●
Your work will directly impact the company's (and the rocket's) trajectory.
●
You will learn rocket science from some of the most senior and respected minds in
ISRO.
●
You will work on shaping space policy in India.
●
You will dirty your hands in a global supply/chain optimization problem.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
CHENNAI
None
Bond applicable
No