Job Details
As a Software Engineer at Da Vinci, you’ll work closely with a team of highly skilled traders and quant researchers. You will have direct, immediate, and large-scale impact on the company, whether you focus on our trading algorithms or the architecture of our technology’s core components.
Da Vinci engineers are hired for their passion and knack for coding and solving technical challenges. They love to think outside the box and see their code in production only hours after the initial idea was born. All our software engineers take full ownership of projects directly relevant to the core business, seeing them through from idea to implementation to optimisation and maintenance. Combined with the fast feedback loops and multidisciplinary collaboration, this lays the groundwork for an intellectually stimulating and exciting day-to-day life in our engineering team.
Da Vinci offers a dynamic work environment, where employees are given the freedom to come up with great ideas and the space to push these to completion. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be part of a successful and fast-growing company.
Responsibilities:
As an all-round engineer, no days are the same. You’ll work with a variety of products and touch many different code components on a single project. Your main responsibility is to bring new features into production from beginning to end. Depending on the project this can entail many different things, but here are some examples of typical tasks you may encounter in a day:
Understand and discuss requirements with team members, i.e. traders and researchers
Design, implement, test and optimise trading algorithms and strategies ensuring our competitiveness in the market
Continuously improve and guard the long-term architecture of our in-house developed trading system in terms of latency, accuracy, capacity, regulations etc.
Work closely with Trading, Research and Trading Intelligence to innovate the way we do things, i.e. by automating and optimising workflows
Manage various operational aspects to bring your projects to completion, such as deploy, monitor and tweak systems
Investigate opportunities and solve problems and as they occur with a hands-on, pragmatic approach
Requirements:
A background in Computer Science or similar
Highly skilled in C++
Programming knowledge in Python is preferable but can otherwise be learned on the job
Serious about code quality, taking full responsibility and accountability for your contributions
Practical and results-driven attitude
Good communication skills, with the ability to understand requirements and explain technical concepts to non-technical people
Desire to work in a multidisciplinary team environment, including collaborating with traders and researchers on a daily basis
Benefits:
A comprehensive theoretical and practical training program provided by our dedicated in-house trainer
Excellent variable pay and growth opportunities
Outstanding performance is also rewarded with shareholding in the company
A relocation package when moving from abroad, including a relocation budget, flight coverage, house-finding service and expat support
Meals during work hours
Social events and after-work drinks
Reimbursement of travel costs
Sponsored gym membership
In-house game room (pool table, board games and console games)
Teams:
As a software engineer, you will be working in one of our four core business teams, divided by markets, collaborating with traders, quant researchers and trading systems engineers. Each team have their own unique challenges and projects, and the freedom to adjust their processes to best fit the team needs. As a crucial part of the team, you will shape the priorities and goals by bringing the valued perspective of an engineer. Although our teams are tight-knit and you’ll work closely with traders and researchers on all projects, we keep a transparent culture between teams and encourage as much communication and knowledge sharing across the company as possible.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Amsterdam
Temporary
Bond applicable
No