Job Details
Power Electronics
Job
Description
If you desire to be part of something special, to be part
of a winning team, to be part of a fun team - winning is fun.
In Eaton, making our work exciting, engaging, meaningful;
ensuring safety, health, wellness; and being a model of inclusion &
diversity are already embedded in who we are - it’s in our values, part of our
vision, and our clearly defined aspirational goals.
Most recently, we have established the Eaton India
Innovation Center (EIIC) in Pune, which is an integral part of Eaton’s global
engineering and technology footprint. Eaton’s multi-disciplinary engineering
talent with experience in cutting-edge technologies and varied domains delivers
innovative solutions that accelerate our organic growth through technological
innovations. EIIC is focused on augmenting Eaton’s vision of “improving the
quality of life and environment through the use of power management technologies
and services.”
Making what matters work at Eaton takes the
passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where
creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It’s
where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and
where you can help us reach ours.
Eaton’s
Research Labs
(ERL) is a global research team and has an
exciting and rewarding position for a
Power
System Engineer
seeking a challenging career in
Power System and Energy industry
. This is an internship position and
enables the person hired to assist in developing new technologies, improve
existing products, present ideas, and projects to Eaton business leaders and
ERL leadership. The selected candidate will be working with engineering teams
located at EIIC Pune and collaborate with different teams and businesses at
various locations.
We are looking for a
Power
Electronics Engineer
to enhance our team in the research area of
inverters, converters, motor drives,
electromechanical actuation systems
focusing on power grid components and
systems with high penetration of Distributed Energy Resources.
In this role you will:
Assist the larger team in advanced technology
     development projects
Work on development of advanced technology for drives, power
     distribution and controls for energy management solutions and build prototypes.
·
Participate
in brainstorming and design bursts contributing to the technology strategy.
·
Present
ideas and updates on projects, contributing to the development of compelling
value propositions and technology maturity leading to field deployments and
customer demonstrations.
Responsibilities
The
Intern is expected to support technical activities, working on multiple work
packages for projects within the Energy Systems team.
Perform research on power
     components, design novel topology using Si, SiC, GaN power devices for
     driver circuits, inverters/ converter applications, prognostics and diagnostics/
     health monitoring of devices.
Bring together state-of-the-art
     reliability engineering methods, physics-of-failure understanding, data
     acquisition and analytics, mathematical modeling, and tools for asset
     management, to improve the reliability of mission-critical power grid
     equipment
Drive multidisciplinary
     research projects in close collaboration with stake holders including
     business units, COE’s, as well as external universities and industrial
     partners.
Record research findings and
     write technical reports
Preferred
Qualifications/
Background
Pursuing master’s degree in electrical
/Electronics/Systems/Controls Engineering / or equivalent
     technical field from accredited institutions.
·
Basic understanding of
power
electronics
focused on
hardware development, simulations
,
topology optimization, circuit design,
asset health management
is desired
.
Basic understanding of grid
     tied inverters, battery energy storage systems, UPS, motor drives is
     required.
Basic knowledge
     of state-of-the-art diagnostics and lifetime prognostics methods, and
     experience with data acquisition and electronics is desirable.
Prior experience in developing preventive/predictive
     health monitoring solutions for power electronic devices (
converters, inverters, UPS, VFD
) is desirable.
Knowledge
in developing
mathematical
     models, simulations,
performing engineering analytics, system modeling and hardware-in-loop
studies
will be added advantage.
·
Hands-on
experience with engineering tools like Matlab/Simulink,
PLECS
, PSPICE, PSCAD and experience in building
experimental setups and conducting disciplined experiments would be desired.
·
Software development capability: python, C, C++
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
Temporary
Bond applicable
No