Job Details
About Micron:
Over 40 years, Micron’s
memory and storage solutions have been foundational to innovations that have
transformed the world in countless ways. Our technology and expertise are core
to computers that boot up in an instant and work harder and faster; mobile
phones with brilliant screen resolution and longer battery life; and new
business models that are disrupting entire industries faster than ever — such
as entertainment, manufacturing, and finance. As a global leader in memory and
storage solutions, we are transforming how the world uses information to enrich
life by enabling technologies to collect, store and manage data with
unprecedented speed and efficiency.
Culture at Micron:
From a four-person semiconductor
design company in the basement of a Boise, Idaho, dental office in 1978 to a
global, multicultural organization — advocating for social justice and striving
to tip the scales toward a more equitable and sustainable world, Micron’s
culture is what drives its innovation and market leadership.  Our diversity, equality and inclusion (DEI)
programs are globally recognized and locally designed. Likewise, we also offer
a diverse set of learning options — from self-directed, winding pathways of
knowledge to rigorous academic sprints. We nurture a culture that is fair,
fearless and fun that works to enhance personal and professional development at
every level.
About profile – Global AT-PDE
Do you believe that data provides groundbreaking insight? Do you see data as an asset that builds a competitive advantage? Do you accept the challenges of working with in-memory technologies to construct and deploy data assets delivering insights for business value? Great…so do we!
Micron Technology operates in a
highly competitive industry where innovation depends on forward-thinking minds
extracting fresh insights from an ever-expanding data universe. We operate in a
diverse, collaborative space where problem solving is a team sport and creative
solutions are recognized and rewarded. Does this sound like the right team for
you? Good news. We’re hiring!
As the leader in innovative memory
solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering
technology that is redefining how the world uses information. Through our
global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest
portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and
storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, and
NOR . Our
solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial
insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around
the world.
Job Description:
To conduct detailed Thermal, Mechanical
simulations using state-of-the-art software tools. This job involves conducting
feasibility study & technical risk assessment to identify potential areas
for improvement and innovation in new product launches. Perform process
simulations and digital twins for backend manufacturing processes. This
position also involves performing model correlation & validation with
empirical data and refine existing modeling methodology for prediction accuracy
enhancement.  The team develops validated
simulation methodologies and Digital Twins to help in cycle time reduction and
quality/yield improvements.
Roles
& responsibilities can include but are not limited to:
·
Solid knowledge through coursework,
or experience in solid mechanics, structural dynamics, finite element methods
or
·
A strong background in mechanical and thermal sciences with
emphasis on both analytical and measurement methods.
·
Partner with process engineering teams to understand the
packaging process, develop analysis models.
.       Guide test vehicle development to improve simulation correlation to empirical data.
·
Develop test plan wherever necessary to verify the
simulation models and validate analysis approach in correlation with test
outcomes.
·
Participates in development of
simulation modeling methodologies in Structural, Thermal, Thermo-Structural and
Multiphysics domain.
·
Deploys developed simulation
methodologies to strengthen “Analysis First” strategy and develop Digital
Twins.
·
Communicate FEA analysis results and
provide technical and/or design recommendations.
·
Ability to draw free body diagrams
and perform hand calculations.
·
Experience or knowledge through
coursework on modeling non linearities, material properties and material
property test methods
·
Hands on experience of software
tools such as ANSYS (APDL Scripting & Workbench), Abaqus, COMSOL and
Simcenter.
·
A good understanding of
semiconductor packaging processes and materials and technology and trends such
as PCB design and manufacturing, molding, wire-bonding, die attach, etc.
·
A good understanding of
semiconductor package and SSD system reliability and defects; solder-joint
reliability, warpage, etc.
·
Strong oral and written
communication skills.
Education Requirement &
eligibility:
·
M.Tech
in Mechanical Engg/ Aerospace Engg / Applied Mechanics
.       CGPA requirements = 7.0 CGPA & Above
·
Location:
Hyderabad
Micron by Numbers:
·
$25.11B FY24 annual revenue
·
264 on the 2024 Fortune 500
·
57,000 patents granted and growing
·
Operations in 18 countries
·
11 manufacturing sites and 12 customer labs
·
21 design center locations
·
~ 48,000 team members
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Hyderabad
Temporary
Bond applicable
No