Job Details
About Squarepoint
Squarepoint is a global investment management firm that utilizes a diversified portfolio of systematic and quantitative strategies across financial markets that seeks to achieve high quality, uncorrelated returns for our clients. We have deep expertise in trading, technology and operations and attribute our success to rigorous scientific research.
With offices around the globe, we emphasize true, global collaboration by aligning our investment, technology and operations teams functionally around the world.
Role Overview
We’re looking for Graduates to kick-start their career in technology with us. We want to invite smart, self-driven, inquisitive people with a strong quantitative or engineering mindset to join us. At Squarepoint, you will work alongside Senior Technologists, in small groups, to design and build the next generation of production grade trading & research software, systems, and infrastructure. Join one of Squarepoint's technology tracks and align your interests to ours.
Select the track that best fits your career goals, qualifications, and experience.
Job Description
Squarepoint Capital is seeking smart, self-driven and inquisitive individuals who want an opportunity to apply their advanced skills and knowledge in a challenging and innovative environment.
You will work alongside experienced colleagues, in small groups, to design and build the next generation of production grade trading and research software systems. Step into a career of continuous learning and development, surrounded by some of the most talented individuals in the industry, and grow your skills in a highly collegiate work environment.
When applying, you can indicate your preference for one or more of the following tracks. We will however work to ensure your role at Squarepoint is best suited to your skillset.
Python Development: Applications, services, and data driven systems:
Projects within this track focus on developing and maintaining scalable services, full-stack web applications, and data processing algorithms, tools, and frameworks.
Build and maintain the core tooling, libraries, and frameworks we use for developing applications at Squarepoint,
Manage the software development lifecycle of libraries and frameworks used globally by our teams of technologists,
Contribute to data driven applications, pipelines, and systems used to feed predictive models in research and trading,
Build software products used worldwide by traders, researchers, data scientists, and other teams at Squarepoint to fuel our trading success.
Required Qualifications:
Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other degree with a heavy emphasis on software development,
Proficiency in at least one of our core languages: Python, C++, or KDB+/q, JavaScript/TypeScript/React,
Some experience developing software in a commercial setting, demonstrated through work experience or personal projects,
Knowledge of Linux and version control systems,
Excellent written and verbal communication skills,
Eagerness to continuously learn new technologies and develop with us,
Ability to work well in a fast-paced environment.
Nice to have:
Proficiency in more than one of our core programming languages,
Previous experience working in the hedge fund industry, or finance generally,
Demonstrable experience working with git and Linux.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
None
Bond applicable
No