Job Details
Responsibilities:
● Design, develop and test (space hardened) avionics hardware that will support the
functions of our launch vehicles and spacecraft.
●
Will assist with prototyping, schematic capture, debugging, hardware bug tracking,
functional verification and signal characterization.
●Efficiently develop complex software in the LabVIEW programming environment.
●Accurately estimate the timelines required to develop LabVIEW programs.
●Practise effective revision control of programs that are developed.
●Effectively troubleshoot the systems associated with the LabVIEW program, including
not only the software but other aspects such as the host PC, sensors, electrical
junctions, etc.
Basic Qualifications:
● Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or
Physics.
● Professional experience with experience in fast-paced projects (non-aerospace is
okay); CPU-based circuit cards, consumer electronics, wireless devices, and/or low
power platforms.
● Professional experience with analog, digital or mixed-signal design principles
including designs using operational amplifiers, filters, and transistors.
Preferred Skills and Experience:
● Masters of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or
equivalent area of focus.
● Minimum certification of National Instruments CLAD, Certified LabVIEW Developer
● Knowledge in laboratory instrumentation such as encoders, LVDTs, oscilloscopes,
micrometers, and capacitive probes.
● Knowledge in solid modeling or electrical CAD is desirable but not required.
● Knowledge in designing hardware from concept through production; strong emphasis
on full lifecycle development of new hardware systems -- not small incremental
updates to legacy hardware.
●
Strong understanding of computers and programming languages (C/C++, Matlab,
Assembly language).
Ability to work in a fast paced, autonomously driven, and demanding start-up
atmosphere
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
Additional Requirements:
● Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed
What you could take away?
●
You might have created one of the most complex ground test system architecture in
the world
●
Your work will directly impact the company's (and the rocket's) trajectory.
●
You will learn rocket science from some of the most senior and respected minds in
ISRO.
●
You will work on shaping space policy in India.
●
You will dirty your hands in a global supply/chain optimization problem.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
CHENNAI
None
Bond applicable
No