Job Details
What you'll do
You will help clients develop risk models for credit risk, market and trading
risk, climate risk, financial crime and compliance, and wide applications such
as cyber risk. You will work to provide independent perspectives on models,
assess their frameworks for model development and model risk management across
a variety of risk functions.
You will support and leverage an international network of experts in order to
codify existing knowledge and even expand it. Considering our global client base,
you will work across geographies and collaborate with and serve stakeholders
from various regions and industries. You will also communicate complex
analytics concepts in a clear and concise manner to key client stakeholders.
Working with the Risk Dynamics team at McKinsey allows you the opportunity to
research, problem solve and contribute to the knowledge base. You will get a
chance to work with exceptional risk analytics professionals who bring deep
industry experience. As you grow to more senior levels, your work will also
begin to include new analytical approaches and techniques.
Who you'll work with
You’ll be based in our Gurugram office and will work with our Risk Dynamics
team, part of our Global Risk practice. Risk Dynamics helps clients to create a
sustainable modelling and analytics platform to support their business in a
data-driven world. From core regulatory capital and risk models to business
decision analytics and model risk management, we create value by improving
performance across model lifecycle. Our experience team incorporates risk
specialists, quantitative experts, and business professionals, empowering us to
offer our clients a unique variety of skills in risk management, business and
regulatory compliance. While we tailor every service to suit each client’s
need, our identity is unwavering, with bedrock values including excellence, teamwork,
integrity, and innovation
Qualifications
Degree in a quantitative field such as economics, mathematics,
computational finance, statistics, engineering or physics; master's degree is
plus 1+ years of related experience industry qualifications including CFA, FRM,
PRM or similar is a plus Experience in advanced quantitative modeling
techniques within a financial services related industry (e.g., banking and
securities, asset management) Experience in predictive modeling techniques,
benchmarking and/or model validation related to credit risk (PD, LGD, EAD)
single and multifactor models and other modeling techniques (Merton,
Longstaff-Schwartz, Black-Sholes, etc.) ideally within a regulatory context
(CCAR) Understanding of financial industry regulations and practices related to
model development, capital requirements and model validation (SR11- 07)
Experience programming in a modern scientific language (e.g., Python, Matlab,
R) and some experience with Java, C#, C++, or C; knowledge of SQL, SAS, and VBA
is a plus Experience in one of the following machine learning/AI areas: natural
language processing, deep learning, anomaly detection, graph-based techniques
Strong problem-solving and requirement gathering skills Ability to establish
connections between sophisticated modeling techniques and strategic
decision-making processes Ability to facilitate discussions and conduct
training Thoughtful and comfortable communicator in English (verbally and in
writing) Willingness to trave
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Gurugram
Temporary
Bond applicable
No