Job Details
Group 
Technology for Operations - 
Tech Solution Services (TSS) Sub-Team Ops Interactive 
Career Level (Job) Level 10-11 
Engagement/Work 
Location 
Bangalore
Allocation 100% Supervisor Rob Fleming 
The Opportunity Overview 
Join Ops Interactive and help lead the way in creating modern digital products and 
experiences for our flagship initiatives in Accenture Operations! Work closely with 
stakeholders in design thinking to understand business motivations for new products. Analyze 
and empathize with the needs of our users and understand how they perform tasks in order to 
create intuitive, accessible and easy-to-use products. You have a savvy business mindset and 
your product design portfolio is full of elegant, modern designs that can compete with today’s 
tech giants and trending consumer companies. At each stage of the design process, you’ll 
anticipate the users’ need, advocate for them and ensure that the final product provides them 
with a meaningful and engaging experience. 
About Ops Interactive
We are passionate about good design and how it finds its way into modern and useful 
technology for our flagship offerings and product suites in Accenture Operations. We split our 
time between digital product design and “art-of-the-possible” prototyping. We tell stories 
through interactive prototypes and we help bring product and technology visions. We 
understand the power of design thinking in solving problems and we love to dig in and work 
with others to build intuitive and engaging digital experiences. We dream in screens. We're big 
believers in rapid prototyping, sharing them with people, and iterating on them until we have 
an amazing design. Join our team! 
• Design delightful and easy to use solutions for a wide range of problems based on user 
research 
• Implementing visual design systems across a range of platforms in an iterative software 
development environment. 
• Create functional, usable hi-fidelity prototypes both for web and native environments 
• Sketch initial concepts and flows in low fidelity to be able to share and collaborate early in 
the design process. 
• Develop different types of prototypes to iterate solutions with the rest of the team, 
stakeholders 
• Work cross-functionally with Product and Engineering partners to represent the design 
team, facilitate design discussions, and ensure superlative design quality. 
• Work with other designers to raise the quality bar and contribute to our evolving design 
system of components, styles, and interactions. 
• Support team-wide adoption of the Design System, manage changes, and promote input 
from our multiple teams. 
Responsibilities 
Must Have 
Skills/Qualifications 
• You're passionate about technology. You're even more passionate about people. You are 
a tireless advocate for the end user. You have deep empathy for their everyday struggles 
and challenges. You always put their needs first, and you're unwavering in your desire to 
provide the best experiences for users 
• Solid user-centered design fundamentals with information architecture, interaction design 
and visual design skills and the ability to quickly produce high quality deliverables across the 
range of disciplines 
• Ability to zoom out to see the bigger picture and present design solutions at all levels of the 
organization with clear, articulate rationale
• A great eye for detail, demonstrate creative and innovative problem solving and possess some 
leadership abilities 
• Participate in design critique and present work regularly in product leadership feedback 
meetings 
• Experience in data visualization and dashboard design is a major plus, as well as contributing 
to a central design system. 
• A digital portfolio that demonstrates your passion for simple, intuitive, and beautiful 
usercentered designs. Work examples that exhibit strong visual design, product design, 
usability, and design thinking skills that span the entire process: ideation to implementation. 
• Ability to self-manage, self-motivate and deal with large amounts of complexity and 
ambiguity
Requirements • B.des/M.des in design
• Experience/exposure to product design
• Expert skills and experience using Sketch, inVision, Photoshop, and Illustrator 
Travel Requirement/ 
Shift Hours 
(Other special 
circumstances) 
•
•
Regular ongoing travel is not assumed, but may require up to 10-20% based on the specific 
assignment. 
Must be willing to work flexible shift hours in order to interact with global teams- i.e., this role 
is flexible, but it requires some flexibility as well. 
Disclaimer(s):
1. Please take note that, unless there is a formal offer of employment from Accenture, any communication made by Accenture in respect of 
open position/selection process or steps related thereto shall not be assumed or treated to be as a commitment or an offer of employment or 
guarantee of employment with Accenture
2. Selected candidate(s) need to have ATLEAST one shot of COVID-19 vaccination at the time of on-boarding or else the offer will be revoked 
without any compensation
3. Accenture has not authorized any agency, company or individual to either collect money or arrive on any monetary arrangement in exchange 
for a job at Accenture. Accenture's criterion for hiring candidates is merit. Any agency, company or individual offering employment with 
Accenture in exchange for money is misrepresenting their relationship with Accenture, which has not authorized any such action. If you are 
approached by any entity or individuals who demand money or any other form of compensation in return for a job offer at Accenture - even if 
they present themselves as representatives or employees of Accenture 4. Accenture has not authorized its officials to either collect money, benefit(s) and or favour(s) of any kind from the college Placement 
committee, student body and or college administration for participating in campus recruitment events at the time of confirming Accenture's 
participation in the same
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No