Job Details
Associate Consultant – Consulting – Performance Improvement
At EY, our purpose is to build a better working world for our clients, our people and our communities.
We strive to help create a legacy of improved business performance, confidence and trust. Through
Performance Improvement service line under consulting services, we assist our clients’ in improving
their performance in the core business by delivering measurable and sustainable improvement across
various sub solutions – Finance, Customer, Strategy, Supply Chain and People & Organization.
Performance Improvement team advises clients on how to solve their most important and challenging
business issues. It is EY’s practical approach to business issues that attracts clients and gain effective
results that benefits them in the sustainable long term. Our extra-ordinary execution/implementation
skill  differentiates  us  from  various  other  consulting  companies.  As  a  market  –  leading  global
transformation advisor, we help turn strategy into reality. Our consulting services help our clients
implement enterprise-wide performance transformation initiatives.
Our supply chain and operations professionals help our clients realize value from their end-to-end
supply chains, negotiate commercial agreements and improve their organizational effectiveness. Few
areas as follows:
• Provide insight into the health of supply chains by using a robust set of data analytics
• Transform global supply chains through a cross-disciplinary approach spanning operations, tax and
risk
• Review, improve and assess risk of procurement functions to realize long-term, sustainable benefits
• Improve supply chains and infrastructure in emerging markets as a powerful catalyst to secure new
market share and drive revenue growth
• Integrate environmental, sustainable and low carbon aspects into end-to-end supply chains
• Provide sector-specific supply chain insights with our experienced industry supply chain
professionals
The opportunity
You will work towards standardizing existing solutions and their work products to be later resourced and
leveraged by different teams at EY, demonstrating the ability to digest, incorporate and leverage new
knowledge. You will be working with large enterprises and government institutions on their most
pressing management and operational challenges.
Your key responsibilities
• Assist Seniors & Managers in research for preparing client proposals and in executing client
engagements.
• Perform root cause analysis, develop business cases and interview various resources to gather
required information
• Develops positive relationships with peers, supervisors and mentors who can provide advice and
support
• Develop sector focus gradually (basic understanding of the industry, trends, issues/challenges &
key players) based on the industry group alignment.
• Deliver high quality work with minimal rework within the defined timelines
• Assist in building and contributing to internal knowledge database and other related internal
initiatives.
Skills and attributes for success
• MS-Office (Excel and PowerPoint) with advanced level application
• Fair competence in research methodologies (Primary and Secondary research)
• Strong business analysis skills
• Problem solving, data analysis, financial analysis and excel modelling
• Knowledge of SQL, Python, R for data analytics (will be an added plus)
• Functional exposure to supply chain domain will be an added plus
To qualify for the role you must have
• A degree in engineering – BE/B. Tech with good academic track record
• 0-1 year of relevant work experience
Ideally you’ll also have
• Strong oral and written communication, facilitation, relationship-building and presentation skills
• Be highly flexible, adaptable, and creative
• Willing to travel extensively
What we look for
People with the ability to work in a collaborative way to provide services across multiple client
departments while adhering to commercial and legal requirements. You will need a practical approach to
solving issues and complex problems with the ability to deliver insightful and practical solutions.
What working at EY offers
EY is committed to being an inclusive employer and we are happy to consider flexible working
arrangements. We strive to achieve the right balance for our people, enabling us to deliver excellent
client service whilst allowing you to build your career without sacrificing your personal priorities. While
our client-facing professionals can be required to travel regularly, and at times be based at client sites,
our flexible working arrangements can help you to achieve a lifestyle balance.
About EY
As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and consulting services, we hire and develop the most
passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that
believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that
whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime.
If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.
Join us in building a better working world. Apply now.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
PAN India
None
Bond applicable
No