Job Details
Quadeye is one of the largest proprietary trading firms. Since inception, we have consistently 
grown at a handsome rate and have a distinct track record of success behind us. We run a stable 
business spread globally across various asset classes. Our greatest strength is our work culture 
which takes a collaborative and non-hierarchical approach against an opposing prevalence in 
the industry. We strive as one team to stay ahead of the competition all the time.
Daskh Trading is a fast-growing high-frequency trading team specializing in automated market 
making strategies. We strive to be at forefront of low-latency execution, financial modelling 
and risk management.
We are looking for a smart young individual willing to work in a multi-disciplinary role. The 
role offers the individual an exciting opportunity to learn about financial markets and cuttingedge technologies and to grow with the company. You will learn about the dynamics of 
automated trading, market microstructure, modelling and pricing financial derivatives, risk 
management, and the technical skills needed to implement your ideas.
Primary responsibilities:
1. You will be responsible for delivering and controlling end-to-end product development.
a. Work directly with traders who have a deep respect for technology.
b. Collect and analyse data.
c. Prototype solutions and models in order to confirm the validity and effectiveness of the 
proposals.
d. Develop, test and back-test production-ready solutions
2. You will write code for
a. New features
b. Latency and stability improvements
c. Analysing huge volume of data
d. Implementing and testing new design ideas
3. You will be responsible for managing your time and tasks on development, analysis 
and experimentation.
4. You will be required to keep a variety of systems and technologies up-to-date 
and improve them for business operations
Requirements:
1. Bachelors in electrical engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related 
technical field
2. Understanding of Computer Architecture
3. Knowledge of Algorithms and Data structures
4. Strong Quantitative skills
Coding/IT Skills:
1. Ability to work in a Linux environment
2. Ability to write clean, reliable and highly scalable code
3. Experience of development in C++
4. Experience with high-transaction, low-latency optimisation
5. Some networking experiences
6. Understanding of CPU architecture
Must be Interested in:
1. Achieving maximum performance from available hardware and software
2. Attracted to the dynamics and fundamentals of the financial markets
3. Eagerness to learn and broaden one's skill set is a must, also outside your department
Communication Skills:
1. Must be Fluent in English
2. Ability to communicate with technical and business colleagues
Personality Traits:
1. Ability to work independently and also in a small team
2. Can take initiative and be pro-active
3. Highly analytical & problem-solving qualities
4. Detail-oriented and precise
What we offer:
1. Competitive package
2. Learn about the top-of-the-class trading system.
3. Quick feedback loop. There is nothing like seeing your ideas/solutions make an impact 
on business. We release early and often to get incremental benefits as they are developed
4. We operate at the bleeding edge of technology, which keeps us on the toe and always 
excited about technology shaping our business.
5. Opportunity to learn as we really believe in sharing knowledge and technology, helping 
individuals in their personal growth.
6. To see and learn up close how financial markets work.
7. Getting to know, learn and share ideas and solutions with other smart people.
Benefits:
1. Group Health Insurance
2. Visa sponsorship
3. Snacks and drinks in the office
4. Monthly Team parties
5. Gym
Place of posting
Accomodation details
HongKong
Temporary
Bond applicable
No