Job Details
Job Description
About Credit Saison India
Established in 2019, Credit Saison India (CS India) is one of the country’s fastest-growing Non-Bank Financial Company (NBFC) lenders, with verticals in wholesale, direct lending and tech-enabled partnerships with Non-Bank Financial Companies (NBFCs) and fintechs with a vision to unlock India’s financial potential. Combining our tech-enabled model with underwriting capability has allowed us to lending at scale to meet India’s huge gap for credit, especially with underserved and under penetrated segments of the population. We continue to be on a mission to revolutionize the Indian lending landscape after reaching the Top 50 lenders in India in FY23.
At CS India, we are committed to growing as a lender and evolving our offerings in India for the long-term for MSMEs, households, individuals and more. Being registered with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and one of the few marquee lenders in India that can claim to have an AAA rating from CRISIL (a subsidiary of S&P Global) and CARE Ratings, we are one of the strongest financial houses in India. having a branch network of 45 physical offices, 1.2 million active loans, an AUM of over US$1.5B and an employee base of about 1,000 people.
Credit Saison India (CS India) is part of Saison International, a global financial company with a mission to bring people, partners and technology together, creating resilient and innovative financial solutions for positive impact.
Across its business arms of lending and corporate venture capital, Saison International is committed to being a transformative partner in creating opportunities and enabling the dreams of people.
Based in Singapore, over 1,000 employees work across Saison’s global operations spanning Singapore, India, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Mexico, Brazil.
Saison International is the international headquarters (IHQ) of Credit Saison Company Limited, founded in 1951 and one of Japan’s largest lending conglomerates with over 70 years of history and listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The Company has evolved from a credit-card issuer to a diversified financial services provider across payments, leasing, finance, real estate and entertainment.
Role : Management Trainee
Level :
Management Trainee
Location :
Bangalore / Mumbai
Onboarding by :
At earliest
Roles & Responsibilities :
You will join the consumer lending team that is working on making digital lending accessible to all. In this role, you will find yourself working on the following on a day-to-day basis :
Perform comprehensive data analysis to draw meaningful insights, and spot trends.
Build & maintain dashboards to track and analyse business metrics that enable teams to make data-driven decisions.
Automate routine reporting to dashboards with advanced filtering and deep dive capabilities.
Provide actionable recommendations to the leadership team for improving the Sales & Business funnels.
Collaborate with internal teams such as Data Science, Product, Tech to optimise the processes and funnels.
Support ad-hoc analyses to inform roadmap decisions.
Requirements :
You are a data driven person and are passionate about finding root causes, trends, and patterns and how they impact business. You use data to support your ideas, drive actionable outcomes, and provide unique ways to present data and information in an easy to consume format. The minimum requirements for this role are :
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Technology from IIT
Knowledge of Data mining, machine learning, and data visualisation tools (eg: SQL, Tableau)
Advanced Excel and Google Sheet skills
Strong analytical skills, organisation skills and attention to detail
Comfortable working with large data sets
Excellent interpersonal, communication, and writing skills
Comfortable taking initiative and proactively offering business recommendations and enhancements through analysis of various data sources
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No