Job Details
Job Requisition:  Junior MIXED SIGNAL DESIGN ENGINEER in automotive field
Company
Overview
The electronics industry is being driven by four mega trends that are
helping shape our society: Energy Efficiency, Connected Devices, Security and
Health. Connecting to these trends and enabling Secure Connections for a
Smarter World, NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) creates solutions for the
Connected Car, Cyber Security, Portable & Wearable and the Internet of
Things. Through our innovations, customers across a wide variety of industries
– including automotive, security, connected devices, lighting, industrial and
infrastructure – can differentiate their products through features, cost of
ownership and/or time-to-market.
Automotive
Automotive is one of the core markets for NXP.
Our high performance mixed signal technologies for Automotive applications
create new ways to make cars cleaner, safer, more comfortable, and more fun.
Our industry-leading in-vehicle network and sensor systems save fuel and
step-up reliability and dynamics, while our RF keyless entry/go and connected
key solutions add convenience and security. We consistently deliver audio and
connectivity solutions that rival the best in home entertainment. Our focused
R&D investments, our competencies in RF, Analog, and Digital Processing,
and our relentless commitment to quality and excellence make us a long-term
partner in automotive. NXP’s technology expertise enables delivery of
innovative, easy-to-implement solutions that are tailored to our customers’
needs.
Position
Overview
One of the mega trends is the evolution
towards self-driving cars. Product Line In-Vehicle Networking is enabling this
by bringing high-speed, CAN, LIN and Ethernet-based data communication into the
cars.
Do you like to pursue a career creating next
generation In-Vehicle Networking products, in a demanding market with extreme
high standards for quality? Are you a trouble shooter, have a hands-on
mentality and are eager to find any issue in a new design before it gets at our
customers?
For our
Product Line In-Vehicle Networking
in Bangalore,
we are looking for a:
Full time position in ANALOG/MIXED SIGNAL DESIGN
.
Your assignment:
As designer in the design team, you will participate
in translating requirements for modules and/or products into a mixed signal circuit
design topology and implementation for In-Vehicle Networking transceivers,
supporting CAN, LIN and 10BaseT1S bus systems.
You will work on a mixed signal circuit challenge
that is specific for transceiver products. These products are developed in high
voltage Bipolar/CMOS/DMOS -SOI processes and should meet very strict automotive
requirements on EMC, very low power design and lifetime profiles at extreme
temperatures.
You will work in a cross-functional project
team and will be coached in working in (scrum-)teams, collaborating in a common
design environment and adopting all principles for maturing circuit design for
zero-defects.
Your Profile
Strong ambition for a career in Analog IC design/Semiconductor
     industry
BTech/MTech/MS/PhD in Electrical/Electronics
     engineering with an emphasis on IC design
Strong exposure to principles of Analog
     IC/Circuit Design
Affinity with the state of art analog design/verification flow and
     tools, preferably with Cadence tooling
Creative and positive mindset
Flexible and eager for new challenges
     beyond the skills already acquired
Excellent communication in English, both
     verbal and written
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore/ Noida
Temporary
Bond applicable
No