Job Details
About the Role
If reliability and scalability defined the previous decade of tech evolution, intelligence and adaptation (aka
personalization) is going to define the coming decade. Systemic intelligence and data driven products are
going to be most important aspects for creating unparalleled customer experience.
The Data Science team at Flipkart is going forward with the mission of building systemic intelligence
across Flipkart product and ecosystem. Being the largest e-commerce marketplace and the most used
e-commerce app in India, exposes us to the richest possible data about the Indian consumer.
Along with that we have data from huge product selection and a large number of sellers. The ~ 2.6
Petabytes of data generated per day has a complete mix of data types in terms of numerical data,
structured text, unstructured text, images, audio etc. which gives us an opportunity to explore a wide
range of problems to solve.
Problems we are solving?
● Product discovery along with personalization and intent modeling,
● Demand shaping and planning,
● Heterogeneous networks for consumer, product &amp; seller interactions,
● Customer insights,
● Catalog enhancement and product insights,
● Customer emotion detection and right response matching,
● Fulfillment automation,
● Optimization of last mile delivery,
● Self-healing systems, and more.
Data Science team is also leveraging partnerships with Indian and foreign universities like CMU, IIT’s, IISc
and IIIT’s for pushing state of the art research for these problems.
At Flipkart, Data scientists are embedded with the engineering and product team for the problem they are
working on. This ensures that the data science solutions are envisioned along with product delivery.
We have a very flat structure within the Data Science team, which enables us to focus on excellence and
create a deep sense of ownership. Also, being a young team, we are able to democratize the process of
problem selection. Our techniques span classification, clustering, matrix factorization, graphical models,
networks and graph algorithms, topic modeling, image processing, deep learning and NLP, each one of
them being exercised at a large scale.
If you want to challenge the status quo and want to impact the wide-open landscape in India, then Flipkart
Data Science team is the place for you!
Why work with us?
At Flipkart, we promise to maximize what you care about the most. You’ll get an opportunity to leave a
mark and create your own legacy, you’ll have freedom to experiment, learn and grow, you’ll get to work
with the best in our inclusive teams and experience our culture of care to ensure that you can focus on
doing your best work.
Every Flipster is a Maximiser - Curious, Audacious, Entrepreneurial, Purpose-Driven, Excited By Big
Challenges, A Team Player and Inclusive. If this is who you are, then Flipkart is the place where you can
thrive.
We understand that your own aspirations and journeys are unique. So you choose what you want to
maximise, and we provide you the platform for it. Because when you maximise, we maximise.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No