Job Details
Proposition
JOIN
  US IN POWERING CHANGE
We
  are looking for graduates who share our purpose to power progress and our
  culture of inclusion, collaboration, and care. We’ll give you the support you
  need to forge your own path, and you’ll have real responsibilities and
  meaningful decision support modelling projects to work on right from the
  start.
Where
  you fit in
WHERE
  YOU FIT IN
You
  will be part of the Decision Science team within the Projects &
  Technology function. The energy transition and ongoing digitalization in
  Shell provides great opportunities to improve business analytics and data
  driven decision making. You will work with experts in the business to
  identify and mature these opportunities and develop advanced models and
  algorithms that provide actionable insights. 
  Our value propositions range from supply chain design and logistics to
  asset optimization & decarbonization to strategic business forecasting
  and planning.
The
  Role
WHAT’S
  THE ROLE?
As
  Decision Science, you use analytical methods to support decision making
  around complex business problems. The purpose of Decision Science is
  morefold: address business challenges using mathematics and statistics to
  generate immediate value, develop innovative technologies for replicable deployments
  and support the community of decision modelling practitioners across the
  company.
The
  projects within Decision Science team are spread across all business
  functions in Shell which leads to a varied working environment and great
  scope for learning and development.
Soft
  Skills
WHAT
  WE NEED FROM YOU
To
  thrive in decision science you must have strong analytical thinking to
  interpret complex problems and effective communication skills to convey
  findings and collaborate with stakeholders. Additionally, problem-solving
  abilities and teamwork are crucial for developing and implementing solutions.
  We need a learner mindset and continuous drive to improve the Decision
  Science team delivery capability.
Hard
  Skills
PhD
  or master’s in Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Econometrics or
  similar quantitative science.
Proficiency
  in mathematical modelling and statistical analysis. Familiar with tools and programming
  languages like JMP, R, Python, Julia or similar and optimization software/solvers.
Closing
Join the Shell Graduate Programme and Power Change from Day One
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No