Job Details
This job is for a Motion Graphics & Storyboarding Artist who can design video
storyboards involving text, data and concepts. This job requires an understanding of good aesthetics, typography, contrast and motion
graphics. You will be working with our script writers and video editors to design B-Roll
that not only looks good but also conveys meaningful messages.
What all will you work on:
●
Storyboard & Graphic Design:
Conceptualise and create detailed storyboards for
video content, ensuring they align with the overall narrative and messaging. This
will involve vectors, images and text.
●
Collaboration:
Work closely with content creators, scriptwriters, and video editors
to execute your static designs into beautifully edited motion graphics.
●
Quality Control:
Review and refine designs to maintain consistency, accuracy, and
adherence to brand guidelines.
●
Pattern Recognition:
Stay updated on the latest storytelling trends and tools,
particularly for YouTube Videos and Infotainment Documentaries, and apply
them in our day to day work.
Qualifications/Key Traits:
●
Attention to Detail:
You need to have an eye for detail, this is one of the most
important attributes we look for in a candidate. Your eyes should be able to spot
and break down the tiniest of details.
●
Experience
:
You must have a strong
focus on video storyboarding and data visualization. We are ready to hire freshers who are good at their work. It is your skill sets and
not years spent that we look for.
●
Technical Skills:
Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, After
Effects), Figma, and understanding of typography, contrast and color palettes.
●
Creativity:
Demonstrated ability to think differently and design templates that are
flexible and scalable on Adobe After Effects/Figma.
●
Communication:
You should be comfortable in explaining your thoughts and
creating timelines/schedules for ease of work (on calls and on Slack)
Place of posting
Accomodation details
New Delhi
Temporary
Bond applicable
No