Job Details
About Landeed:
Two thirds of Indian court cases are land related. Our solution to this is the Landeed, India's fastest and most comprehensive title search engine. We are now actively growing our engineering and product teams to expand our title coverage to more Indian states and build an enterprise platform for government bodies and corporates alike.
About the role
Skills: React Native, Django, Rust
Responsibility
As a Founding Software Engineer, you will have an organization-level impact on the product. You be a hands-on expert that takes on the most challenging technical implementations, mentors the team, and ensures that features are delivered on time and to specification.
Our stack
React Native + NextJS + Golang + gRPC
What drives success for this role:
Full Stack: Expertise with React Native /ReactJS/ NextJS and significant experience working with any backend technology e.g. Golang, NodeJS or any Rust framework. You should have experience across the tech stack, specifically Typescript, React, and React Native. Experience with gRPC, Native iOS and Android is highly desirable.
Delivery: Strong project management skills and a proven track record of taking these types of projects through all stages from inception to deployment.
Testing/Quality: Ability to understand and debug native code as well as performance tune mobile applications.
Communication: Strong technical and non-technical communication skills with the ability to articulate a vision to audiences of varying technical expertise and collaborate with stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Leadership: Track record of ownership for team-scale execution and technical excellence.
Skills Required:
Backend
Rust, gRPC, and PostgreSQL on AWS. We're building a next-generation API, prioritising good tools for getting code from local to prod with minimal red tape and review. We're also working on new tools like a dynamically created DAG of automated workflows that will pick apart and analyze ownership history, making the information immediately available to the user.
Frontend
React Native, Redux, CodePush, Detox, and RNTL. React Native has allowed us to prototype extremely quickly, taking an average of 3 weeks to release entirely new apps. We focus on ease of use and quick iteration, gathering feedback from users and pushing updates immediately with codepush. We've also developed a custom framework for forced updates when breaking changes are required.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Hitech City, Hyderabad
None
Bond applicable
No