Job Details
RESPONSIBILITIES
●Optimize trajectories the launch vehicle will have to fly in to get to orbit.
●Work with Propulsion and GNC Engineers to code engine characterization, carry out
simulations, and integrate programs into flight control algorithms.
●
Work interdisciplinary trades (e.g. with Avionics, GNC, Thermal, and Structures) that
result in the most optimal vehicle level configuration.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
●
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, physics, electrical engineering, or equivalent
engineering discipline.
●Understands the basic physics behind projectile motion.
●Applied experience coding in an object-oriented language.
●Ability to work long hours, weekends etc. if needed (almost always!).
PREFERRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
●
Ability to design and implement robust and scalable systems with flexible and scalable
UI.
●
Professional experience with standard front-end technologies like modern HTML, CSS,
JavaScript (we use AngularJS, Polymer, Backbone.js, React, and more), REST, JSON.
●Deep understanding of object oriented programming.
●Deep understanding of distributed, horizontally scalable systems.
●Experiences with cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud Engine.
●Focus on performance bottlenecks and performance improvement techniques.
●Familiar
with
basic
principles
of
compressible
and
incompressible
flow,
thermodynamics, thermochemistry, mechanics, materials, and electrical circuits.
●A background in scientific computing, high-performance computing, or mathematics.
●Strong skills with debuggers, profilers, and unit testing.
●Interest in/competence with multiple languages and technologies (Python, C++,
Simulation tools, SQL).
●
Familiar with Agile software development techniques, particularly Test-Driven
Development, and Continuous Integration.
●Knowledge with database management.
●Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment with ongoing drive
for continuous improvement in all aspects of work.
●
Excellent communication skills and ability to succinctly present recommendations to
stakeholders, the customer, and management.
●
Able to work well in an integrated collaborative team environment, including frequent
interactions with technicians, other engineers, and managers.
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS
●
Must be available to work extended hours and weekends as needed.
What you could take away?
●Your work will directly impact the company's (and the rocket's) trajectory.
●You will learn rocket science from some of the most senior and respected minds in
ISRO.
●You will work on shaping space policy in India.
●You will dirty your hands in a global supply/chain optimization problem.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
CHENNAI
None
Bond applicable
No