Job Details
About VVF Ltd
-
The erstwhile "The Vegetable Vitamin Foods Company Pvt Ltd", now known as VVF Ltd. was founded in 1939 by Godrej Pallonji Joshi In Bombay, India. During the early years, VVF manufactured Vegetable Ghee, commonly known as 'Vanaspati' in India. He soon established VVF as one of the earliest domestic manufacturers of Vanaspati.
VVF has since come a long way. From being a small industry, it has grown into a National and Global Leader in the Oleochemicals and Personal Care product segments. Today VVF has three main business verticals - Contract Manufacturing, Consumer Products & Oleochemicals.
Headquartered in
Mumbai, India, VVF
has over 16 operating centers spread across 4 continents,
Asia, North America, Europe, and Africa
.
Position
- GET
Designation
- GET
Cadre/Grade
- JMC
Department & Location
- Central Technical Services for Taloja
Educational Qualification(Required)
- BTech/BE Chemical Engineering.
Experienced Required
- Freshers
Reporting to
- Plant Head.
Functional
- Plant Head.
Key Internal  Interactions
-
Management	- Discussion on improvement activities, technical discussion, providing technical inputs for decision-making by management.
Production - Study of process, evaluation of new schemes, consultation for improvement activities, process problems troubleshooting, Improvement area identification, etc.
Utilities & Maintenance -Technical discussion, consultation for improvement activities, specifications, feasibility study of suggested modifications, energy saving projects identification
Instrumentation, Electrical - Technical discussion, costing.
Role Purpose - GET
To serve as a process technical person, who would take responsibility for small improvement activities in the process, process optimization and optimisation of utilities of the plant.
Shall assist for the preparation of basic documents required for capital proposals under technical service.
Shall coordinate with vendors for technical matters on new improvement activities.
Shall coordinate with various departments for collecting of data, drawings, and layouts related for improvement activities in plant.
Commissioning the improvement activities, optimizing the plant performance, and improving plant efficiency.
Liaisoning with various departments for technical inputs for small project improvements.
Collection of production data, and utility data and analysis for related improvement activities.
Technical Skills & Knowledge  - Requirement
Basic Engineering.
Overall layout designing
Piping layout review / Iso review.
Equipment drawing review.
Knowledge of catalyst and catalytic reactors
Chemical engineering software knowledge like ASPEN, HTRI, Autocad, etc. will be an added advantage.
Overall knowledge of process engineering, heat & mass transfer, fluid mechanics, and equipment design must.
Key Responsibilities -
Preparation of basic engineering documentation i.e. PFD, H & M balance, Eqpt. List, PIDs,s, and PDS of Eqpts / Instruments etc. hydraulic calculations, sizing of process equipment, pressure drop calculation and pipeline sizing, etc.
Basic design of heat exchangers or checking of existing exchangers for its usefulness for improvement activities.
Review & technical evaluation of bought-out eqpts offer & make technical recommendations.
Determination of overall control philosophy of the process and process safety interlocks defining.
Conceptual layouts of the plant, finalization of plot plan / Eqpt Layout, piping isometrics, specifications etc.
Technical review of enquiry and scope of work documents submitted during proposal stage of Turnkey plant package unit and prepare for project kick off meeting and design basis.
Commissioning of the improvement activities in the plant & optimizing the plant performance.
To take up any responsibility assigned by management.
Joining Bonus Clauses:
Kindly note that the candidate will be entitled to a
Joining Bonus
of
Rs.1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only)
and it will be paid to you as follows:
You will be paid a joining bonus of Rs. 1,00,000/-
The same will be paid in the 1st payment month immediately upon joining.
If you decide to resign before completing two years from your date of joining VVF, the Joining Bonus paid to you will be recoverable from you on the gross value.
The joining bonus is an additional one-time payment, over and above your CTC. It is not part of your CTC and will not be considered during any salary revision. All prevailing tax rules will be applicable on the payout.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Taloja, Maharastra
None
Bond applicable
No