Job Details
Job Title - Cloud Engineer
Positions -
About the Role -
● Be responsible for engineering cloud infra platforms of Coupa, with opportunities to stretch more broadly. This will include working as cloud
software engineer & infrastructure platform developers in creating services for provisioning, orchestration, monitoring, scaling & security of
the infrastructure.
● Develop softwares for Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a service (PaaS).
● Develop automations to address operationalization requirements
● Develop CI/CD automations to make fastest and safest possible “application delivery”.
● Communicate and coordinate with our support and professional services teams to solve customer issues/requests specific to Security
domain
About You -
● Software experience building cloud based massive systems involving applications, services, IaaC, DevOps
● Hands-on development experience using any programming language - Ruby, Go, C/C++, Java, Python or equivalent. Development
experience using OOPS & Design patterns.
● Passion with taking a software to production. Jenkins, Infra As A Code IaaC, PaaS
● Knowledge of Cloud/SaaS architecture using AWS/ Azure/ CloudStack/ OpenStack/ Google Cloud Platform a must.
● Demonstrable proficiency in coding, data structures, networking,virtualization, design principles, and programming concepts
● A critical thinker, resourceful, problem-solver who has a passion for applying technology to make human life better
● Excellent problem-solving ability, a forward-thinking personality, a leader, a pragmatic approach to decision-making, outcome-driven,
open-minded, creative and consistently seek to innovate and raise the bar
● Passion for keeping up with new trends and developments in the programming community and is eager to find ways to incorporate these new
ideas into our solutions
● Strong communication skills and ability to work independently
●
What you will Do -
● WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL
1. Complete the onboarding program.
2. Learn IaaC, provisioning, configuration management, operationalization
● WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU'LL
1. Learn about the development and release process used with Coupa Cloud Operations
2. Develop services on AWS, Azure for automation, integration
● WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU'LL
1. Become a expert on one of the cloud platform & it’s services
2. Develop skills as Cloud Software Engineers with DevOps tools.
● WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL
1. Develop complete end-to-end solution for PaaS, application delivery
2. Become a SME on one of the cloud platform & it’s services
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune/Hyderabad
None
Bond applicable
No