Job Details
【
Technology
Field
】
Computer Graphics,
System Software
【
Position Summary
】
At present, we at Sony have various capturing
and sensing technologies that differentiate us from others in the market.
Additionally, as we develop playback devices, display devices, and services, we
must connect them with one another through the technologies and systems in
order to create more powerful 3D related products and services.
Our mission is to develop the real-time rendering technology and system
technology using it that realizes end-to-end systems from production of 3D
digital contents based on the real world to distribution and display. Although
playback and rendering technology is the main area of our development, we are
also defining distribution format, converting data asset, and creating an
end-to-end distribution system that connects the capturing technologies and
displaying technologies.
As a 3D Media System Engineer, you may work in the developments of real-time
rendering technology of skeletal data/motion data, volumetric video and audio
data from real-world capturing system, distribution/playback technology, and
applications utilizing them for entertainment fields like sports, music, and
location based entertainment. In addition to maximizing your expertise, you
will have opportunities to deepen your knowledge of such a new field that
sparks your curiosity.
For decades, Sony has been delivering unprecedented values and creating
services for customers throughout the world. With your passion for 3D contents
and your engineering foundation, we hope you to join us to expand our values
and to innovate new 3D interactive entertainments.
【
Responsibilities
】
■
Technology exploration and problem
extraction through system development in collaboration with global Sony Group
business units
■
Solving technical issues and establishing technology
through prototyping
■
Lead introduction of developed technological assets
to business units or external partners
■
Investigating, designing and implementing of
real-time rendering technology and end-to-end system including it from
capturing to display
■
Become a leader or a core member of the team which
provides original technologies into the world as a product/service with other
departments
【
Required qualifications
】
■
Technology Field Expertise
- 3D Computer Graphics
- Game engine technology (rendering pipelines, programmable shaders, lighting,
etc.)
- Machine Learning/AI (especially related to computer graphics or computer
vision, neural rendering such as 3D Gaussian Splatting, and Explainable AI for
commercial use)
- 3D CG/video/distribution standards (USD, glTF, MPEG-DASH, V-DMC, MPEG-I,
V-PCC)
- Motion capture technology
■
Software Technology
- Programming Languages: C++, Python, C#
- Game Engine: UE5, Unity
- 3D Frameworks: OpenGL, Vulkan, DirectX
- GPU Programming Languages: CUDA
- Server Development: AWS
- Application Development: Windows/Android/iOS
【
Preferred qualifications
】
■
Self-management skills (implementation
of G-PDCA at the individual level, etc.).
■
Leadership ability and communication skills
(experience leading teams).
■
Collaboration (Proven ability to work closely with
cross-functional teams, including the business division, to align project
objectives, manage expectations, and ensure smooth coordination throughout the
development process).
■
Writing and presentation skills in English
(experience presenting papers).
【
Product, Service
】
Metaverse services, 3D/XR services,
entertainment (music, movies, location based entertainment), games
(PlayStation), etc.
【
Development Environment
】
PC: x86/x64 Windows compatible PC, Mac
(M1/M2/Intel)
OS: Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, Linux, and others
GameEngine: Unreal Engine, Unity
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Tokyo, Japan
Temporary
Bond applicable
No