Job Details
Programme name:
Deutsche Bank Graduate Programme
Division:
Technology, Data & Innovation
Title: 
Graduate Analyst
Location:
Pune, Bangalore
About the programme:
The Deutsche Bank Graduate Programme is a year-long comprehensive programme designed to provide you 
with exposure to a range of fascinating projects and ongoing professional and technical training to develop 
the skills you need to grow your career. You will feel supported by a network of peers and mentors and 
benefit from our global wellbeing programme.
About the division:
Technology underpins Deutsche Bank’s entire business and is changing and shaping the way we engage, 
interact, and transact with our stakeholders, internally and externally.Our Technology, Data, and 
Innovation (TDI) strategy is strengthening our engineering expertise, introducing an agile delivery model, 
and is modernising the bank's IT infrastructure with long-term investments and taking advantage of cloud 
computing. We are building a team of visionary technology talent that will ensure that we thrive in this 
period of unprecedented change for the industry. That means hiring the right people and giving them the 
training, freedom, and opportunity, they need to do pioneering work.
About the role:
Our technology teams deliver and manage engineering solutions to support the bank’s global customers. 
You will develop and deliver solutions to help modernise technology solutions, to reduce complexity and 
risk, and to drive business growth. You will be part of a creative, collaborative, and innovative team, 
partnering with others, sharing solutions and you will have a strong desire to make an impact.
We offer a structured entry-level rotational programme that will equip you with the foundational
knowledge and skills necessary to build a long-term career as a technology professional at Deutsche Bank.
Depending on your rotation you will gain expertise in:
• designing & delivering engineering solutions for our businesses and customers
• providing production engineering services to ensure the safety and reliability of our technology
• analysing business data within DB to inform plans and deliveries
• enhancing our infrastructure capabilities and functions
• using standard design patterns for strategic DB frameworks like Fabric, Autobahn, GLUE.
What we look for:
We recruit highly intelligent graduates who are ambitious and adaptable. We have a comprehensive 
training programmes that will give you all the technical knowledge you’ll need to build a career with us. 
Above all, we’re looking for entrepreneurial people who thrive best in a diverse culture where innovation 
and agile thinking abound.
• BE / B Tech (Computer Science / Information Technology)
• Have a good grasp on software engineering concepts (SDLC, Algorithms, Data Structures, 
 Operating system, OOPS, database concepts, testing concepts etc.)
• Be proficient in coding concepts
• Possess good problem-solving skills
• Have a Good attitude and is a self- motivated
• Good communication, listening skills and proficiency in English language skills (written/verbal)
Be able to start full time work in July 2025.
Complete your studies (all exams, coursework and have no active backlogs or any pending academic 
engagement as on date of joining) July 2025.
To know more about eligibility please contact Placement office for any further details.
Benefits and wellbeing:
Feeling healthy, engaged, and well-supported, enables us to do our best work and get the most out of life 
outside of the office. That is why Deutsche Bank is committed to providing benefits and programmes 
centred around wellbeing.
Benefits & Wellbeing – Deutsche Bank Careers (db.com)
About us and our teams:
Our values define the working environment we strive to create – where our people have a sense of 
belonging and everyone feels welcomed, respected, and can contribute and grow. We know that highperforming teams have different skills, backgrounds, and experiences. We collaborate, encourage, and 
enable open dialogue and diversity of views. We build talented and diverse teams to drive business results
and encourage our people to develop to their full potential. Talk to us about flexible work arrangements 
and other initiatives we offer.
We promote good working relationships and encourage high standards of conduct and work performance. 
We welcome applications from talented people from all cultures, countries, races, genders, sexual 
orientations, disabilities, beliefs, and generations and are committed to providing a working environment 
free from harassment, discrimination, and retaliation.
Visit Inside Deutsche Bank to discover more about the culture of Deutsche Bank including Diversity, Equity 
& Inclusion, Leadership, Learning, Future of Work and more besides
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune/ Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No