Job Details
About the Role
Given the next set of internet users are going to be quite different from the ones on it currently, especially
given that they wouldn't have grown up with consumer internet and internet needs like search. For such
users, how do we craft up the right experience and reduce apprehensions towards online shopping? The
problems we are trying to solve are as complex as the stakes are high.
As a Design team, we work on products that empower our users to push the boundaries of customer’s
shopping experience. Informed by research and data, we solve complex needs and build iteratively toward
our vision. We ship high-fidelity designs of new features and prototype solutions.
We own these projects from start to finish and collaborate with a multidisciplinary team of developers,
product managers, content strategists, and researchers to deliver the best possible experience.
What you’ll work on
Advocating for good user experience across our platform by representing our users in design
brainstorming discussions.
Identifying the appropriate UX methods and tools to use depending on project constraints.
Prototyping solutions to solve complex problems.
Contributing to our growing design system of patterns in an effort to cultivate a cohesive look, feel, and
user experience across the entire Flipkart platform.
Sharing and reviewing your designs based on peer feedback, research, and testing.
Why work with us?
At Flipkart, we promise to maximize what you care about the most. You’ll get an opportunity to leave a
mark and create your own legacy, you’ll have freedom to experiment, learn and grow, you’ll get to work
with the best in our inclusive teams and experience our culture of care to ensure that you can focus on
doing your best work.
Every Flipster is a Maximiser - Curious, Audacious, Entrepreneurial, Purpose-Driven, Excited By Big
Challenges, A Team Player and Inclusive. If this is who you are, then Flipkart is the place where you can
thrive. We understand that your own aspirations and journeys are unique. So you choose what you
want to maximise, and we provide you the platform for it. Because when you maximise, we maximise.
Visit our career site to know more about what it means to work at Flipkart.
Compensation
FTE: 26,50,000 Cost To Company [Breakup: 18 Lac Base Pay + 1.8 Lac Variable Pay + 5.07 lac ESOPs
(Vested over 4 yrs - 25% per year) + 1.69 lac Benefits** including relocation allowance]
**The Company will provide you with a one-time relocation allowance of Rs. 80,000 (Rs. Eighty Thousand
Only)subject to tax deduction. If you decide to terminate the employment with the Company within 12
months from your date of joining; the Company will be entitled to recover the said relocation allowance from
you.
Intern Stipend: 75,000/- (Per Month) + 2200/- (Meal Card/Per Month) + 2 Way Flight Tickets & 15 Days
Hotel Accommodation
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No