Job Details
About Kotak Mahindra Group:
Established in 1985, the Kotak Mahindra Group
is one of India’s leading financial services conglomerates. In February 2003,
Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd (KMFL), the group’s flagship company, received a
banking license from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). With this, KMFL became
the first non-banking finance company in India to become a bank – Kotak
Mahindra Bank Limited.
The consolidated balance sheet of Kotak
Mahindra Group is over 1 lakh crore and the consolidated net worth of the Group
stands at 13,943 crore (approx. US$2.6 billion) as on September 30, 2012.
The Group offers a wide range of financial
services that encompass every sphere of life. From commercial banking to stock
broking, mutual funds, life insurance and investment banking, the Group caters
to the diverse financial needs of individuals and the corporate sector. The
Group has a wide distribution network through branches and franchisees across
India, the international offices in London, New York, California, Dubai, Abu
Dhabi, Bahrain, Mauritius and Singapore.
What we
offer
Our mission is simple – Building trust. Our
customers' trust in us is not merely about the safety of their assets but also
about how dependable our digital offerings are. That’s why we at Kotak Group
are dedicated to transforming banking by imbibing a technology-first approach
in everything we do, with an aim to enhance customer experience by providing
superior banking services. We welcome and invite the best analytical and
technological minds in the country to come join us in our mission to make
banking seamless and swift. Here, we promise you meaningful work that
positively impacts the lives of many.
Job Description – Kotak Data Labs:
Kotak Data Labs plays a pivotal role in driving
innovation and business growth at Kotak. The team collaborates with stakeholders
and data providers, leveraging advanced analytics and Data Science / Machine
Learning techniques to drive strategic decision-making across the bank. The
core work charter includes supporting different products across the bank by
developing solutions across the customer journey to drive Acquisition,
Engagement and Retention using cutting-edge Data Science capabilities and Data
platforms.
The Data Scientist and Data Analyst role within
the team involves deploying projects from conception to actionable insights,
enabling data-driven marketing strategies, developing risk scorecards, building
behavioral models and impact in the banking business. This role focuses on leveraging
Data science techniques for model development, feature engineering, driving automation,
process improvement, and operational efficiency while demonstrating innovative
thinking, passion for data science and fostering cross-team collaboration.
Establishing strong working relationship with stakeholders in the bank is also
a key aspect of this role.
Roles and Responsibilities:
·
Deliver end to end Data Science projects
including understanding of business requirements, exploratory data analysis,
data processing, aggregating data, feature engineering, building and validating
predictive models, explaining model results & insights and deployment
·
Use AI, ML, DL techniques such as
regression, classification, clustering, tree-based algorithms, support vector
machine, and neural networks, recommender system, attribution modelling to
address business problems.
·
Improve upon existing methodologies
by developing new data sources/features, testing model enhancements, and
fine-tuning model parameters.
·
Provide requirements to develop
analytical capabilities, platforms, and pipelines.
·
Present insights and recommendations
to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication
·
Automate processes to ensure
scalability of solutions by collaborating with cross-functional teams
·
Perform the data extraction,
transformations, and loading from the source systems and the data lake to the
analytics products using independently developed logic
·
Challenge the status quo with
entrepreneurial innovation in curating new data sources, elevating analytics
beyond data reporting and dashboarding to deliver actionable insights
Skill requirements:
·
Master’s or Bachelor’s Degree in a
quantitative discipline (Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science,
Engineering, etc.)
·
Coding skills in Python, SQL
·
Deep understanding and hands-on
experience with ML/DL Algorithms
·
Experience of working with large
data sets and developing scalable solutions
·
Knowledge of Marketing, Risk,
Business, Banking and Financial services, E-Commerce is preferred
·
Ability to work independently and
deal with ambiguity
·
Strong analytical and
problem-solving skills
·
Excellent presentation and strong
written & verbal communication skills
·
Knowledge of Banking products,
Marketing strategies and Generative AI is a plus
·
Highly motivated and collaborative
team player with strong interpersonal skills
Place of posting
Accomodation details
PAN India
Permanent
Bond applicable
No