Job Details
Quant Analyst for Algorithmic Trading Desk
We trade actively in all Asset classes like equities, futures,
options, commodities, currencies and fixed income taking advantage of our ultra-low
latency infrastructure. We are looking for a Quantitative Analyst for our Algorithmic
Trading Desk.
Skills and
Qualifications
·
Understanding of financial
markets and market microstructure.
·
Exceptional analytical and
problem-solving skills and a strong track record of using creativity to come up
with new HFT/MFT trading strategies like Index Arbitrage, Statistical
Arbitrage, Market Making, Portfolio Optimization, Vol Based Strategies etc.
·
Understanding in at least some
of the following areas: Time-Series Analysis, PCA, Statistical Estimation, Probability,
Bayesian Techniques, Scenario Analysis, Numerical Optimization and Optimal Control.
·
At least a bachelor's degree in
Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, or other quantitative
disciplines.
·
Hands-on knowledge in applying
statistical and machine learning methods to financial data using Python/R or
other similar tools.
·
Knowledge of Python and/or C/C++ is essential
·
Any experience in developing
HF/MF strategies is a big advantage
Responsibilities
·
Design, develop and implement
profitable mid/high frequency trading strategies
·
Working in a fast-paced,
multi-tasking environment, analyzing large amount of data and developing
prediction algorithms / regression models and implementing them in C++, R,
MATLAB, Python or other suitable technologies
·
Research, design, financially
engineer and test quantitative models for trading securities, indices and their
derivatives across asset classes. The person will need to understand latest
research in quantitative finance and implement the same.
·
Back-testing and implementing
trading signals on different exchanges & instruments. Work as part of the
team to determine which signals and trading strategies to go live with and under
what scenarios.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Delhi
None
Bond applicable
Yes
12 months