Job Details
Associate Consultant – Enterprise Risk (Internal Audit)
The opportunity
The objective of our advisory risk services is to provide clients with a candid and reliable overview of their
risk landscape. Our solutions can be used by our clients to build confidence and trust with their customers,
the overall market and when required by regulation or contract. You will be responsible for executing client
related engagements in the areas of governance, risk & compliance (GRC), internal audits, process reviews,
standard  operating  procedures,  enterprise  risk  management,  revenue  assurance  and  other Business
Risk Services related solutions.
Your key responsibilities
• Execution on client engagement – Ensure quality delivery as per client requirements.
• Continuously strive towards exceeding client & team expectations and work on increasingly
complex assignments.
• Conduct research and prepare client presentations, information memorandums and thought
leadership documents.
• Contribute to advisory engagements in the capacity of a team member - deliver quality output
within assigned timelines.
• Attend L&D programs and exhibit through knowledge of advisory methodology and consulting
attributes.
• Keep abreast with developments in business related areas and assist team leaders/managers in
preparing client decks.
• Sector focus (basic understanding of the industry, trends, issues/challenges & key players) based
on the industry group alignment.
• Exhibit initiative and participate in corporate social and team events. Understand business &
industry issues / trends. Identify areas requiring improvement in the client's business processes
to enable preparation of recommendations.
• Ensure compliance with engagement plans and internal quality & risk management procedures.
• Develop strong working relationships with client (process owner/functional heads).
Skills and attributes for success
• Determine that the work delivered is of high quality
• Anticipate and identify engagement related risks and escalate issues as appropriate
• Assist team members, Seniors and Managers in developing new methodologies and internal
initiatives
To qualify for the role, you must have
• A Bachelor’s degree in Technology or Engineering
• We would expect for you to be available to travel outside of their assigned office location at
least 50% of the time
Ideally, you’ll also have
• Good communication skills
What we look for
We’re looking for passionate leaders with strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the risk industry. If you
have a genuine passion for helping businesses achieve their full potential, this role is for you.
What we look for
We’re looking for passionate leaders with strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the risk
industry. If you have a genuine passion for helping businesses achieve their full potential, this role is for
you.
What working at EY offers
EY  is  committed  to  being  an  inclusive  employer  and  we  are  happy  to  consider  flexible  working
arrangements. We strive to achieve the right balance for our people, enabling us to deliver excellent
client service whilst allowing you to build your career without sacrificing your personal priorities. While our
client-facing professionals can be required to travel regularly, and at times be based at client sites, our
flexible working arrangements can help you to achieve a lifestyle balance.
About EY
As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most
passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that
believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that
whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime.
If you can confidently  demonstrate  that  you  meet  the  criteria  above,  please  contact us as soon as possible.
Join us in building a better working world. Apply now.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
PAN India
None
Bond applicable
No