Job Details
Tredence is a global analytics services company providing business solutions across industry verticals, including Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Retail & CPG, 
Life Sciences, Energy & Utilities, and Engineering & Construction. For three consecutive years, we have been recognized as one of the fastest-growing 
private companies in the country by the Inc. 5000. We distinguish ourselves by attracting top talent in data analytics and data science. Our unique, 
academy-driven, structured learning and development programs foster disruptive skills in-house, blending technology and business analytics effectively.
We leverage the “Tredence Studio” to co-innovate with our customers, offering on-the-job experiential learning to train new talent and future leaders. Our 
sustainable, white-box solutions are built using scalable data engineering platforms, machine learning frameworks, and other proprietary accelerators, 
which we transition to our clients at the end of engagements. Our ROI assurance framework and “Think Impact” core values drive our continuous curiosity 
and commitment to value creation for our customers.
Our global delivery methodology and agile execution models enable us to deliver cost-effective solutions, leveraging our ecosystem of partners and clients' 
existing technology and data assets securely. Our expertise in AI and data analytics addresses challenges across industries, optimizing supply chains, 
improving customer experiences, driving operational efficiencies, and enabling predictive analytics. By integrating Generative AI (Gen AI) and Large 
Language Models (LLMs), we solve cutting-edge business problems, enhance decision-making, automate complex processes, and unlock new growth and 
efficiency opportunities.
Compensation:
Your CTC will be INR 12 LPA
© COPYRIGHT 2022, TREDENCE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 3
Roles &Responsibilities:
As an AssociateData Scientist, you willsolve someof the mostimpactful business problemsfor our clients using various AI and ML technologies. Youwill collaborate with
business partners and domain experts to design and develop innovative solutions to achieve predefined outcomes.
• Work with the team to define business requirements, come up with an analytical solution and deliver the solution with a specific focus on Big Picture to
drive robustness of the solution
• Design & develop custom models based on an in-depth understanding of underlying data, data structures, and business problems to ensure deliverables
meet client needs.
• Create interpretable and scalable models
• Present results, insights and recommendations to a larger business audience with an emphasis on the “now what”, i.e. business impact
• Participate in executive presentations with client leadership stakeholders.
• Be part of an inclusive and open environment. A culture where making mistakes and learning from them is part of life
• See how your work contributesto building an organization and be able to driveOrg level initiatives that will challenge and grow your capabilities.
Qualification:
• BE/BTech from a reputed University
© COPYRIGHT 2022, TREDENCE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 4
 
Required skills & interest areas:
• Excellent programming skills in Python/R. Strong working knowledge of numerical, data analysis, AI/ML frameworks and libraries such as NumPy, Pandas,
Scikit-learn etc.
• Advanced SQL skills.
• Strong understanding of the fundamental concepts of Statistical Modelling & Algorithms E.g. Hypothesis testing, Sample size estimation, A/B testing
• Knowledge of predictive/prescriptive analytics including Machine Learning algorithms (Supervised and Unsupervised) and deep learning algorithms. 
Expertise in ML – Regression, Classification, Clustering, Time Series Modeling, Graph Network, Recommender System, Deep Learning, Computer Vision,
NLP/NLU, Reinforcement learning
• Proficient in some or all the following techniques: Linear & Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, K-Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector
Machines, ANOVA, Principal Component Analysis, Gradient Boosted Trees, ANN, CNN, RNN, Transformers.
• Ability to solve complex business problems through a blend of logical and creative thinking.
• Strong communication skills with an excellent ability to synthesize complex information.
• A collaborative mindset to work with clients, ecosystem, and internal teams
© COPYRIGHT 2022, TREDENCE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 5
Why join Tredence?
There is a reason we are one of the fastest-growing private companies
in the country! You will have the opportunity to work with some of the
smartest and fun-loving people in the data analytics space. You will
work with the latest technologies and interface directly with the key
decision stakeholders at our reputed clients, some of the largest and
most innovative global business brands.
Our people are our greatest asset, and we value every one of them.
We are an equal opportunity employer who adhere to our core values 
& reflect this in our day-to-day life. So, please come & see why we’re 
so successful in one of the most competitive and fastest growing
industries in the world
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No