Job Details
Prototyze is a venture studio based in Goa. In our 24-year history, we’ve created many successful businesses that include Synapse which is focussed on communication, ScreenRoot that designs screen-based interfaces, Visual JuJu which helps businesses communicate in multimedia, Report Yak that specializes in creating reports, and Deck Sherpa which is a global presentation design studio. All these firms work with industry-leading clients and brands and are growing.
The Role:
As a UX Designer at ScreenRoot, you’ll get to work with a diverse set of industries and often interact
with senior business leaders.
“Can we design a fun way to open that bank account on mobile phones? How can we make
reordering the same pizza, faster? Can we make it easier for students to finish the application
process? Can we design something that will help the elderly find the right doctor?”
These are question we get asked by our clients, every day.
You will collaborate with marketing, technology, and product teams to design innovative enterprise
solutions on web and mobile.
● You should be capable of creating the full stack of UX deliverables, from user research,
information architecture, define user flows & journeys and wireframes.
● You will work as part of a team that will design prototypes and collaborate to evolve them into
refined interfaces.
● You will contribute in creative discussions and presentations, conveying the idea and thoughts
behind your teams’ solutions.
● You will identify opportunities to improve design processes and lead the team in new, more
efficient ways of working.
● With experience, you will mentor talented junior members of your team to become wellrounded design professionals.
Experience / Personal Qualities
● A deep interest in interaction design and UI/UX
● An understanding of usability, user research, interaction design principles, heuristic evaluation
and how to apply them to projects.
● At least 1 UI/UX focussed project in your portfolio.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Panjim, Goa
None
Bond applicable
No