Job Details
Oracle Design, User Experience Designer
Every day, enterprises around the world focus on how to help their employees work simpler and smarter. 
And while enterprises are as diverse as the people in them, ranging from global manufacturing concerns, to 
healthcare companies taking care of the elderly, to renowned universities, and even one of the fastest 
growing cities in the world, they all share many core needs. They need to take care of their employees and 
their families by putting them in control of their benefits. They need to connect employees with their 
customers so they in turn can thrive. They need to thoughtfully manage their valuable resources. They need 
to work efficiently with the vendors they depend on. And so much more.
Helping their employees work simpler and smarter means letting enterprises focus on what makes each of 
them special. They focus on what they’re best at, and in turn, let Oracle do the rest. The scope of our 
opportunity is enormous.
At Oracle, we’re committed to creating a state-of-the-art consumer-grade end user experience that will 
be the factor that distinguishes our software from the competition. Yes, we’re absolutely serious. And we 
can’t do it without your help. We need thoughtful, talented, multi-faceted user experience designers who 
love empowering technology users with high quality interaction and visual design to bring their creative 
ideas and their hard work to join our team.
Here’s the kind of person we’re looking for.
You thrive on working well with others. You make the people around you better. You love to collaborate 
with designers, user researchers, engineers, product managers, executives, and inspire them to do their 
best.
You’re a full stack user experience designer. You look at interaction design, visual design and aesthetics, 
typography, motion, 3D, human factors, and more as tools in the UX designer’s toolkit. You may be better at 
some than others, but you know how to talk about each and combine them all into an experience that 
delights.
You get stuff done.
You’re a fantastic storyteller. You know that our products tell our customers a story through the user 
experience. You won’t rest until that story is a compelling one.
You love rules and you know when to break them. You think systemically because you know that creating 
a coherent experience requires it. But you know when the system needs to expand to accommodate a user’s 
varied conceptual model. And you know when to do something completely unique to create an arresting and 
product-defining moment in the product that makes users ooh and aah.
You don’t already know everything and you love to learn. You’re inspired by helping users solve their 
problems. You love finding out you’re wrong. You consume large amounts of quantitative and qualitative 
data to constantly refine your assumptions.
And finally, you want to be part of creating dramatic and impactful change at a company that is 
committed to becoming a light unto others when it comes to user experience design.
You might have learned your craft via formal training or via on-the-job training. For most candidates, it’s a 
combination of both. As long as you’ve got experience and passion doing this work at the highest level, we’d 
love to talk to talk to you and see a portfolio of the work you’re most proud of.
What will you do as a user experience designer at Oracle?
· You will dive deep into one or more of our many products.
· You will partner closely with our partners in product management to understand the customers who use 
it, empathize with them, and imagine creative ways we can make their work lives dramatically better.
· You will partner closely with your fellow designers to innovate by designing coherent, seamless, and 
emotionally resonant, state-of-the-art user experiences for our users.
2
· You will partner closely with your partners in engineering to take your pictures and turn them into 
reality.
· You will partner closely with your colleagues in user research to get customer feedback on your designs, 
find out where you’ve improved their lives, and find out where you have more work to do.
· You will learn, grow, and be challenged.
· And, if we’re being honest (and we are), you will sometimes make tough compromises, or find things 
take longer than you want them to, or need to work extra hard to convince a colleague of your position, or 
not get your way.
· And sometimes, you will get frustrated that Oracle is still growing its design culture. But then you’ll 
remember, that you’re here to be a founding member of that design culture and help turn Oracle into the 
place you love to work and have one of the best professional experiences of your life. And if you really want, 
we’ll teach you how to sail. If you’re interested, please get in touch. We’d love to hear from you.
Responsibilities
Responsible for creating, evaluating and modifying prototypes to support evolving hardware and software 
application development.
As a member of the User Experience team, you will develop and apply software design/usability processes in 
the investigation of technical problems. May develop user profiles, with emphasis on human error control, 
display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective analyses. Provide product 
usability, evaluation and support to product development teams, including the analysis and investigation of 
applications/systems including tactile methods, visual graphics, web, multimedia, voice response and 
conversational user interaction. May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing 
input on user design considerations. May produce specifications describing user needs and internal 
structures for product in development.
Degree or Masters degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)
Oracle Design is dedicated to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace culture that 
reflects the opinions and perspectives of many different backgrounds and experiences. As an 
intern, you will join our global design team and add your unique point of view to our workforce. 
We’re committed to hiring employees from a wide range of backgrounds not only because 
diversity is a key driver of innovation, but it ensures we build products that best reflect the needs 
of our broad customer base. And most importantly, because it’s the right thing to do. Recent 
studies show that the design industry is in dire need of opening opportunities to young 
professionals underrepresented in the field, and we’re working hard to correct this imbalance. 
We’re committed to including, listening, and learning together on this journey.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
Temporary
Bond applicable
No