Job Details
Job Description: AI Scientist and Engineer
Roles and responsibilities
● Understand business requirements and formulate solution for the problem, satisfying the
time, memory and accuracy
● Research techniques in computer science and mathematics for elegant solutions.
● Code, train, evaluate and deploy models that integrate with the complete software solution.
● Quickly prototype solutions by engineering prompts, building applications
● Lead the efforts of dataset collection, curation and labeling
● Own and deliver the product to the end-user, in the time allotted for the project.
Qualifications
● B Tech or M Tech (Computer Science) with specialization in machine learning is required
● Ph D is preferable
● Prerequisites mentioned below
● Work-experience is preferable, but we are looking for expertise rather experience in number
of years
Preferred Qualifications
● M Tech / PhD from IITs, IISc, IIITs or top-100 universities
● Kaggle Masters and Grandmasters
● Publications at one of the following conferences / publications : vision, AI,data mining, NLP,
Skills
● Candidate must be good at programming and be able to adapt to any of the basic
programming languages like C, C++, Python, Matlab, R, Julia, Java, Go, Rust etc.
● Candidate must have mastery of basic computer science concepts like data structures,
algorithms, databases, relational algebra (SQL), operating systems, computer architecture,
computer networks.
● Candidate must be comfortable in programming on GNU/Linux in a high performance
computing (HPC) setups like multicores, clusters, GPUs, etc.
● Candidate must be able to grasp concepts from latest research papers and implement them
in a short time
● Candidate must have mastery over basics of machine learning and hands on experience
with recent advances in deep learning
● Candidate must have a specialization in AI / ML and should have mastery over few of the
topics in the prerequisites section
● Candidate must be familiar with ML programming frameworks and libraries and should be
able to quickly learn and adapt to the newly emerging ones
● Candidate must be familiar with science and engineering aspects of generative AI and
foundation models and be able to take ideas from research to production
Prerequisites
Mastery over machine learning tools and techniques is expected. A few courses are
mentioned below, as a reference. Good way to check if you have the requisites to check
if the following material looks familiar to you.
● Stanford CS229: Machine Learning
● MIT 6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning
● Prof. Andrew Ng's course at deeplearning.ai
● Dr. Vineet Balasubramanian Deep Learning for Computer Vision
● CS224N: Natural Language Processing with Deep Learning
● Data Science Gems - Dr. Manish Gupta
● Hands-On Large Language Models - Jay Alammar and Maarten Grootendorst
● CS 886: Recent Advances on Foundation Models
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
None
Bond applicable
No