Job Details
Job Title
: Modelling & Simulation Engineer,
Electronics
Location
: Pune, Maharashtra
About Us
:
We are a global
technology company driving energy innovation for a balanced planet. Together,
we create amazing technology that unlocks access to energy for the benefit of
all. Our inclusive culture is the key to our success. We collaborate with our
internal community of colleagues, alumni, and our valued external partners to
support each other and achieve our goals. We aim to raise the bar high. We look
for people who are committed to innovation and success and act with integrity
to become and be a part of one of the most diverse group of experts in our
industry, anywhere around the globe. Global in outlook, local in practice – and
with a united, shared passion for discovering solutions, we hire talented,
driven people and support them to succeed, personally and professionally.
About Schlumberger
Technical Services India (STSI):
SLB is committed to
moving farther and faster in facilitating the world's energy needs today and
forging the road ahead for the energy transition. STSI’s determination to
transformation is the start of a journey towards a culture of continuous
performance improvement. Over the years, STSI has also developed key expertise
and support roles in higher scale work both in business vertical (within a PG)
and horizontal (across PGs). To position itself as a critical support Centre
for EMS capable of strong value addition while also being recognized as having
their own excellence in key services, STSI has identified the need to attain a
recognition as a Centre of Excellence (CoE).
Job
Responsibilities:
You will closely
collaborate with Schlumberger project/product teams across the Globe. You will
be performing FEA studies in technically challenging areas such as Electronics
component/ board FEA, non-linear solid mechanics, metal plasticity, viscoelastic
materials, shock, vibration, heat transfer etc. You will also need to present
FEA results to various internal or external clients.
Primary role will be the FEA of the
     electronic component assemblies and PCB boards, prior experience or
     knowledge will be added advantage but not mandatory.
Understand the design, manufacturing, and
     operation of the products you perform Modeling and Simulation on.
Gather project-related information through
     internal and external sources.
Develop finite element models (ANSYS /
     ABAQUS) for various types of nonlinear problems.
Integrate various models developed in
     different software environments into a system model to enable
     co-simulation and accurately predict the performance and health condition
     of a physical asset.
Develop scripts to link different pieces
     of information and automate repetitive tasks.
Deliver results per defined key project
     milestones along with team members and collaborators.
Present project progress updates to
     stakeholders and management.
Develop domain expertise and share
     knowledge with peers and the engineering community.
Qualifications
& Experience
Ph.D. / M.Tech. degree in Mechanical
     Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, and Engineering Mechanics.
In-depth understanding of continuum
     mechanics, nonlinear dynamics, plasticity, fracture mechanics, the finite
     element method, failure analysis, engineering design concepts, and
     materials engineering
Extensive experience in modeling of
     dynamic systems, constitutive modeling of metallic and non-metallic
     materials, and simulation of large-scale structures subjected to static or
     dynamic loads is desired.
Solid knowledge of ABAQUS or Ansys is
     essential. Experience in other FEA codes is a plus.
Experience in scientific coding with
     FORTRAN, C or C++ will be advantage.
Excellent oral and written communication
     skills in English
Autonomous and creative approach towards
     challenging problems
Experience:
0-2 Years
This is an
office-based position, with the expectation to come in four days a week.
SLB as an employer:
SLB is an equal
employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without
regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,
national origin, age, disability, or other characteristics protected by law.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
Temporary
Bond applicable
No