Job Details
About Squarepoint
Squarepoint is a global investment management firm that utilizes a diversified portfolio of systematic and quantitative strategies across financial markets that seeks to achieve high quality, uncorrelated returns for our clients. We have deep expertise in trading, technology and operations and attribute our success to rigorous scientific research.
With offices around the globe, we emphasize true, global collaboration by aligning our investment, technology and operations teams functionally around the world.
Role Overview
We are continuously looking for the best, brightest and highly motivated graduates to join our team of world class Infrastructure engineers. Selected individuals will join a highly accomplished team of professionals focusing on evolving our technology Infrastructure.
Ideally, you have a deep passion for Technology, the ability to work well with colleagues across multiple regions and the capacity to work and thrive under pressure.
Job Description
Our Infrastructure Technology teams work primarily in the areas of Compute, Storage, Virtualization, Cloud, Automation and Infrastructure Applications, with languages such as Rust, Python, Bash. Linux is the operating system of choice in the trading & quantitative research space, and experience using Linux is a requirement.
As a graduate infrastructure Engineer with Squarepoint you will have the opportunity to work with either or all of the teams within   Infrastructure Groups.
Responsibilities:
Platform Compute & Storage
Provides infrastructure services such as compute, operating systems images, storage, virtualization, backup, configuration management, etc.;
Platform Application Services
Architect , build and maintain managed services for the rest of the firm, ensuring reliability, availability and scalability of the platform. Act as consultants for developers , quant researchers and production support teams, providing advice and support on how to best utilize the infrastructure and services. The team is composed of the sub teams: Developers Tools, Middleware, Observability and Schedulers
Skill Set:
Experience with Git, Linux or containers (Kubernetes)
Experience with Ansible, Chef or Terraform is a plus
Programming with Python required
Exceptional problem solving skills
Strong English communication skills are a must
Preferred Courses:
Computer Architecture
Introduction to Embedded Systems
Operating Systems
Distributed Operating Systems
Computer Networks
Communication Networking
Software Engineering
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
None
Bond applicable
No