Job Details
Job Details:
We are looking for an Environmental Engineer who is a creative problem solver and has a strong affinity for environmental conservation.
The environment Engineer will be responsible for establishing an R&D Facility(Lab, Pilot) under under the guidance of an expert Environmental Consultant and later, designing/developing technologies for Converting industrial process waste into commercially useful By-Products as well as cost-effective treatment and disposal of solid, liquid and gaseous effluents generated during production processes to achieve ZLD ( Zero Liquid Discharge).
Candidates will be working closely with the in-house R&D team during process development on a lab scale and simultaneously will work on developing treatment protocols to achieve cost-effective ZLD solutions for all the effluents generated during process development.
Subsequently, treatment protocols will be refined at the pilot scale and data will be generated for subsequent scale up to production scale.
Candidates will be responsible for providing design inputs for production scale effluent treatment plants and overseeing the performance of treatment plants by appropriate data acquisition and analysis.
Eligibility
Candidate should have either of B.Tech +  M.Tech  +  PhD in Environmental Sciences / Engineering
or
B.Tech +  M.Tech  in Chemical Engineering +  PhD in Environmental Sciences / Engineering
and possess sound knowledge of Chemical Engineering principles and basic understanding of Chemistry and practical organic synthesis as background.. Candidates should also have strong aptitude and passion for taking up industrial research in core Chemical Engineering fields.
Candidates should have a logical and rational approach to problem solving and should be able to make decisions based on data interpretation and analysis ..Familiarity with commercially available various design software is strongly desirable..
About the company
:
Jay Finechem Private Limited
(Formerly known as Jay Chemicals) hereinafter referred to as JFC, is a supplier
of Fine Organic Chemicals and Intermediates for APIs, Colours, Polymers,
Agrochemicals for global leaders like Aurobindo, BASF, Clariant, Dr. Reddy's,
Hetero Drugs, Pidilite, Piramal HealthCare, Sanofi Aventis, Sudarshan Chemicals
Industries, Suven Life Sciences etc. as its key clients. At JFC, we emphasize
on continuous improvement and development, not only through R&D, but also
with our commitment to enhancing customer satisfaction by delivering high
Quality Fine Organic Intermediate Chemicals & Specialty Chemicals. JFC
provides Custom Synthesis services aimed at pharmaceutical, electronic and fine
chemical industries. Offering our customers a diverse range of synthesis
techniques, we also undertake Contract Manufacturing of products made to
particular quality requirements for use in specific applications. Apart from
having a strong Research and Development department with well equipped
laboratories and experienced chemists, we have been regularly collaborating
with prestigious academic and research institutions like IITs, ICT, NCL, NEERI
etc. since last 15 years. JFC's manufacturing facility, over 7000 sq meters in
area, is situated at Vapi, which is 200 kms away from Mumbai. The multipurpose
and flexible plant has three lines of production, of which, one is exclusively
dedicated to pharma intermediates. Currently, JFC is in the process of laying
Green Field Project of which its Phase 1 is expected to go on stream by
December 2024. Here, cGMP Pilot as well as Plant level Production facility will
be established to process Intermediates upto (N-1) as well as the APIs.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Vapi, Gujarat
Temporary
Bond applicable
No