Job Details
Tredence is a global data science and AI solutions provider, bridging the gap between insight creation and value realization. With over 2,500 employees in 
offices across the San Francisco Bay Area, Chicago, London, Toronto, and Bangalore, we serve top companies in Retail, CPG, Hi-tech, Telecom, Healthcare, 
Travel, and Industrials.
Recognized as one of the fastest-growing private companies by Inc. 5000 for seven consecutive years, Tredence has twice been named a 'Market Leader' in 
The Forrester Wave™: Customer Analytics Service Providers. Our USD 175 million Series B funding in 2022 has fueled our growth, strengthened vertical 
capabilities, and expanded our customer base.
We excel at integrating technology and business analytics through our academy-driven learning programs and Tredence Studio, which fosters innovation and 
experiential learning. Our sustainable solutions, built on scalable data engineering platforms and ML frameworks, are designed for seamless client transition.
Our ROI assurance framework and "Think Impact" core value drive our commitment to value creation. We deliver cost-effective, secure solutions through a 
global delivery methodology and agile execution models, supported by our ecosystem of partners and clients' existing assets. Our patented "Sancus" tool 
accelerates data mining, BI, and Big Data needs, providing pre-built analytics solutions.
Compensation:
Your CTC will be INR 10 LPA
STAY CONNECTED
© COPYRIGHT 2022, TREDENCE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 3
Roles &Responsibilities:
As an Analyst, you will learn The TredenceWay of innovation &delivery; collaborate&be part ofthe team thatsolves business problemsthat involve:
• Solving problems across the stack of data services; Data Engineering
• Working on projects which have differentflavours of DE
• Solving highly impactful business problems using a combination of Cloud Technology, programming skills, Mathematics and Domain knowledge
• Applying fundamentals ofsolution design, programming agile, CI/CD delivery
• Learning differenttechnical and business skills for successful delivery
Qualification:
• BE/BTech from a reputed University
Required skills & interest areas:
• Passion for learning differenttechnologies, especially writing elegant and efficient codes
• Good to have hands-on-experience in SQL & Python
• Understanding the value in data engineering and passion for applying AI, ML & DL
• Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
• Collaborative mindset to work with clients, ecosystem, and internal teams
• Should be interested in learning Coding
• Strong logical reasoning and analytical skills
© COPYRIGHT 2022, TREDENCE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 4
Why join Tredence?
There is a reason we are one of the fastest-growing private companies in
the country! You will have the opportunity to work with some of the 
smartest and fun-loving people in the data analytics space. You will work 
with the latest technologies and interface directly with the key decision 
stakeholders at our reputed clients, some of the largest and most 
innovative global business brands.
Our people are our greatest asset, and we value every one of them. We 
are an equal opportunity employer who adheres to our core values & 
reflects this in our day-to-day life. So, please come & see why we’re so 
successful in one of the most competitive and fastest-growing industries 
in the world.
Recognized for Our Industry Leadership:
2024, 2023 and 2022 Great Place To Work® Certified
2024, 2023 and 2022 Databricks Retail & CPG Partner of the Year Award
2022 Microsoft Analytics Partner of the Year Finalist
2023 Google Cloud Partner of the Year
2023 and 2021 ‘Leader’ in Forrester Weave for Customer Analytics 
Services
‘Leader’ in ISG Provider Lens for Data Analytics – Data Engineering and 
Data Science
To learn more.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
Temporary
Bond applicable
No