Job Details
Data Analyst
Roles & Responsibilities:
Develop insights to identify opportunities and drive product strategies. Gain insight into customer use of current products, untapped opportunities and buyer personas.
Partner with product/business teams to define goals and identify key metrics for existing features and new releases
Build automated dashboards and reports, craft analyses and tell stories with data to help our teams make better decisions
Drive awareness and understanding of key metrics and experiment results
Monitor the performance of new features and recommend iterations based on your findings
Deep dive into assessment of key drivers for KPIs by drawing relevant business hypothesis and quantify the impact of these drivers on the relevant KPI
Execute deep & complex quantitative analyses that translates data into actionable insights
Drive data driven decision making through the stakeholders.
Work with complex, non-routine analytical problems, applying advanced methods when needed.
Influence data-driven decisions across the business spectrum - product/data science /engineering/finance / partnerships - through end-to-end ownership of projects
Collaborate and coordinate across functions to dissect business, product, growth, acquisition, retention, and operational metrics.
Required skills & Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field from top tier (IIT/IIIT/NIT/BITS)
The ability to clearly and effectively communicate the results of complex analyses
Is detail oriented, with a strong passion for analytics and problem solving
Is excited to work in a fast paced environment, is comfortable with making decisions in ambiguity, and has a strong bias for action.
Knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems, along with strong programing and SQL skills.
Strong understanding of probability & stats and experience using analytical concepts and statistical techniques: hypothesis development, designing tests/experiments, analyzing data, drawing conclusions, and developing actionable recommendations for business units.
Experience and knowledge of statistical modeling techniques: GLM multiple regression, logistic regression, log-linear regression, variable selection, etc.
Experience with Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.
Background in statistical modeling and experience with statistical tools such R, Python, Spark is desired.
Able to self-manage your priorities and deliverables while working in a fast-paced, startup environment
Having hands-on experience with visualization tools (Tableau, PowerBI, Qlikview) is a huge plus.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore
None
Bond applicable
No