Job Details
About Squarepoint
Squarepoint is a global investment management firm that utilizes a diversified portfolio of systematic and quantitative strategies across financial markets that seeks to achieve high quality, uncorrelated returns for our clients. We have deep expertise in trading, technology and operations and attribute our success to rigorous scientific research.
With offices around the globe, we emphasize true, global collaboration by aligning our investment, technology and operations teams functionally around the world.
Role Overview
We are continuously looking for the best, brightest and highly motivated graduates to join our team of world class Infrastructure engineers. Selected individuals will join a highly accomplished team of professionals focusing on evolving our technology Infrastructure.
Ideally, you have a deep
Job Description
Overview of Desk Quant Analyst Position:
Maintain and upgrade the codebase and configuration of strategies within the firm’s automated trading framework.
Manage large datasets used in both research and production environments.
Perform live as well as historical monitoring of trading activities. For instance, do some post-trade analysis or production reconciliation.
Work in close collaboration with quant researchers and traders to understand the constantly evolving needs of the trading desks.
Typical Day of Desk Quant Analyst
Before market open, check that all required data and related processes are ready for the trading day.
During market hours, sporadically monitor behavior and performance of strategies.
Work on various longer-term projects required for expanding our systematic trading activities and ensuring their robustness.
Skill Set Required For Position:
Programming proficiency with at least one major programming or scripting language (e.g. C++, Java, Python).
Great attention to details.
Strong communication skills and ability to work well with colleagues across multiple regions.
Ability to work well under pressure.
Additional Desirable Qualifications:
Knowledge of Scripting Language
Knowledge of Compiled Language
Advanced quantitative skills.
DQA Program
The DQA program is a 3-year program where the analyst will join a desk and work closely with Quant Researchers and Quant Developers. On the program completion, the analyst can expect one of 3 outcomes depending on his ambition, his skills and performance:
Being proposed to interview for a Quantitative Developer position.
Being promoted to Junior Quant Researcher (Year 1).
Termination of the contract.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
None
Bond applicable
No