Job Details
About the company:
Jay Finechem Private Limited (Formerly known as Jay Chemicals), hereinafter
referred to as JFC, is a supplier of Fine Organic Chemicals and Intermediates
for APIs, Colours, Polymers, Agrochemicals for global leaders like Aurobindo,
BASF, Clariant, Dr. Reddy's, Hetero Drugs, Pidilite, Piramal HealthCare, Sanofi
Aventis, Sudarshan Chemicals Industries, Suven Life Sciences etc. as its key
clients. At JFC, we emphasize on continuous improvement and development, not
only through R&D, but also with our commitment to enhancing customer
satisfaction by delivering high Quality Fine Organic Intermediate Chemicals
& Specialty Chemicals. JFC provides Custom Synthesis services aimed at
pharmaceutical, electronic and fine chemical industries. Offering our customers
a diverse range of synthesis techniques, we also undertake Contract
Manufacturing of products made to particular quality requirements for use in
specific applications. Apart from having a strong Research and Development
department with well-equipped laboratories and experienced chemists, we have
been regularly collaborating with prestigious academic and research
institutions like IITs, ICT, NCL, NEERI etc. since last 15 years. JFC's
manufacturing facility, over 7000 sq meters in area, is situated at Vapi, which
is 200 kms away from Mumbai. The multipurpose and flexible plant has three
lines of production, of which, one is exclusively dedicated to pharma
intermediates. Currently, JFC is in the process of laying Green Field Project
of which its Phase 1 is expected to go on
stream
by December 2024.
Here, cGMP Pilot as well as
Plant level Production facility will be established to process Intermediates
upto (N-1) as well as the APIs. "
M.Sc. & Ph.D.:
Job Details
During initial period of 1-3
years, the candidate would be trained in R&D and QC. The R&D areas of
interest to JFC are: process development for new Products  as well as
process improvements of existing Product leading to their optimisation,
transition from batch to Continuous process intensification, catalysis,
separations, treatment of waste streams: Gas, Liquid as well as Solids. After
the successful training the person should be able to take charge of
process development of R&D project independently so as to scale up at
pilot and commercial plant levels.
M.Sc. & Ph.D.: Required skill
set
Strong aptitude and passion for
taking up industrial research in core organic chemistry discipline.
Excellent & up-to-date
breadth of knowledge of synthetic reagents, synthetic methodology, sound
knowledge of spectroscopic interpretation & reaction mechanisms.
Job description (M.Sc.)
Designing synthetic patent
non-infringing & patentable pathways for target structure after searching
literature
Process optimization and safety
study: exothermic and pyrophoric reactions, mass balance study
Exploring above pathways in the
laboratory, pilot plant & plant level for various regulated markets
Selection of the best
approach/scheme producing API & its intermediates and speciality chemicals
of acceptable specifications at the minimum cost, measured at the
manufacturing site
Development, optimization and
validation of selected scheme at the laboratory level. Scale-up of the
developed process from Laboratory level to pilot plant level and trouble
shooting at the pilot plant
Validation of the selected
approach at the pilot plant
Transfer of the technology to the
manufacturing site for commercial production
Assistance and troubleshooting
during product life cycle and ensure proper documentation
Setting specifications (in house)
for raw materials, intermediates, solvents, finished products in collaboration
with Scientist and Analytical Development.
Acquainted with interpretation of
results of various analytical instruments (HPLC, GC, IR, NMR, Mass, GC-Mass
etc.)
Communication
: Real-time communication in the
form of reports, mail and teleconference. Project meeting with internal
stakeholders. Process development report preparation, PPT preparation, and
weekly report preparation.
Job description (Ph.D.)
Designing synthetic patent
non-infringing & patentable pathways for target structure after searching
literature
Technical expertise
: Taking processes from lab to
scale up. Expertise in practical organic chemistry, general understanding of
process development, awareness of laboratory safety, safety related to scale up
and strong problem-solving skills. Define optimal, low-cost reaction conditions
for synthetic steps.
Process optimization and safety
study: exothermic and pyrophoric reactions, mass balance study
Exploring above pathways in the
laboratory, pilot plant & plant level for various regulated markets
Selection of the best approach/scheme
producing API & its intermediates and speciality chemicals of acceptable
specifications at the minimum cost, measured at the manufacturing site
Development, optimization and
validation of selected scheme at the laboratory level. Scale-up of the
developed process from Laboratory level to pilot plant level and trouble
shooting at the pilot plant
Validation of the selected
approach at the pilot plant
Transfer of the technology to the
manufacturing site for commercial production
Assistance and troubleshooting
during product life cycle and ensure proper documentation
Setting specifications (in house)
for raw materials, intermediates, solvents, finished products in
collaboration with Scientist and Analytical Development.
Acquainted with interpretation
of results of various analytical instruments (HPLC, GC, IR, NMR, Mass, GC-Mass
etc).
People management
: Team Empathy, Growth mind-set,
coach and mentor. Able to handle a team with 3-6 members.
Communication
: Real-time communication in the
form of reports, mail and teleconference. Project meeting with internal
stakeholders. Process development report preparation, PPT preparation, and
weekly report preparation.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Vapi
Temporary
Bond applicable
No