Job Details
Engineer,
R&D (Rnd-SysE-COE)
The job profile has multiple
tracks:
1.
R&D track
(candidate is involved in
“proof of concepts” for new technology development)
2.
Systems engineering trac
k (candidate
is product owners involved in designing products that go into production,
especially for new product lines)
3.
Applications
engineering track
(the role is like systems
engineering, but more relevant for scaling existing product lines to high
volumes)
4.
Control
systems architect track
(candidate works on
writing control-intensive software that goes into production)
5.
Center of Excellence track
(candidate
focuses on engineering verticals such as FEA / CFD simulations)
All tracks will follow
a common selection procedure, including a common written test. Once selected,
the candidate will be assigned one of the above tracks based on the
candidate's interests and the candidate's performance in the written tests
and interviews.
About the job
The candidate is
expected to participate in building technologies and products for automotive
& off-highway powertrains such that the built products and technologies are
deployed in large numbers world-wide.
S/he is expected build
technology differentiators and/or well-engineered robust products and work with
a cross functional team to execute the same.
Major Responsibilities
The candidate will work on creating technology
differentiators and/or robust products (at both software and electronic
hardware levels) in domains such as engine controls, motor controls, battery
technology, electric machines and inertial measurement systems. The candidate
will also likely have to lead a team of engineers depending on the nature of
problem statement / product line assigned to the candidate. Depending on the track
the candidate is assigned when the candidate joins SEDEMAC, the candidate’s
day-to-day job will be a suitable subset of the below activities:
Develop a first
principles understanding of the physics behind systems being considered;
examples of systems being electric machines, IMUs, buck-boost converters, flux
sensors, parasitic inductances of PCBs etc.
Mathematically
model the system; design and conduct experiments to validate the hypothesized
mathematical model.
Develop
"methods/ strategies / circuits" to control / observe the system for
desirable behaviour / insights. Examples being strategies and/or circuits for engine
lambda control, inertial navigation etc.
Develop
proof-of-concept demonstration of methods / strategies / circuits developed, on
prototype ECUs (Electronic Control Units) through coordination with cross
functional teams (such as hardware & software).
Develop
electronics circuits, verify them in simulation domain, build the hardware, and
test the built hardware for functionality and endurance.
Perform
high-fidelity simulations in the domains of thermal engineering, structural
mechanics, electromagnetics such that design decisions are based on simulation
results.
Develop
control-intensive embedded software that runs in the electronic control units
which are deployed in mass volumes by SEDEMAC.
Write
white-papers to document the methods / strategies / circuits developed.
Desired technical skills
Strong command over engineering physics and mathematics
     along with enthusiasm for potentially cross-domain ideas (mechanical,
     electrical etc.).
Skills in
electronic instrumentation is desirable.
Experience
with software development is desirable.
Experience
with new product development is desirable.
Desired soft
skills
Good written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work with a cross-functional team.
Professional attitude towards work.
Sense of ownership and urgency when working in
     the company.
Strong sense of ethics
Education:
Bachelor's
     / Master's degree in Engineering (Any branch except branches like
     Biomedical/ Biotechnology/ Chemistry/ Data Science) Engineering
(CGPA
     6.0+)
Experience:
NA
Job Location:
Pune (Baner)
About SEDEMAC:
At its core, SEDEMAC is the coming
together of talented engineers with the zeal for development and large-scale
deployment of innovative control technologies & products. Since our proposals
tend to be fundamental control technology for large markets, our customers are
large vehicle/motor/engine manufacturers with significant market presence. We
pride ourselves on being an engineer run organization — responsible for
creation of technologies and products that we offer. We have been able to
institute a working environment that emphasizes respect for the individual,
focus on what is being said as opposed to who is saying it, creativity, and
honesty.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
Temporary
Bond applicable
No