Job Details
Project 2 (1) - B. E. / B. Tech/ME/ M. Tech. OR 
First Class Post Graduate Degree in 
Science - Branch - Electronics/ Electronics & 
Telecommunication/communication /Electrical/ Electrical & 
Electronics
OR First Class Post Graduate Degree 
in Science - Desired Skill sets - •Electronic Hardware Design principles
•Embedded System Design
•Hardware Description Language
•Excellent knowledge of digital and analog system designs, 
•Overall knowledge of System Design with 32/64-bit 
Microcontrollers/SOCs/ Processors, DDRx memories, PCle, 
LVDS, SPI, I2C, Ethernet, USB etc. 
•Testing, debugging and Board bring up with hardware 
software co-design 
•Know-how of PCB Design will be more desirable
•All phases (Schematic capture, Component engineering, 
Library creation, Place and route, Manufacturing data, Drawing) 
for Board designs, Simulation and Signal integrity applications 
on industry standard toolsets like Cadence Allegro, Mentor, etc. 
Multi –layer High Speed PCB Design DFM and DFT, EMI/ EMC 
etc.
•Team player, co-ordinating between team members to 
complete the activity -
Proposed Job profile - System Design Engineer
1. System design of Supercomputers / HPC systems
2. Design of Compute servers, High Speed Switches, Network Interface cards
3. The design includes working with latest server class processors from Intel, 
ARM etc. and Switch SOCs with serial links of 200 Gbps (56 Gbps X4) or more 
b/w, along with DDR4/5, PCIe4/5, Ethernet, NVMe drive interfaces etc.
4. Understanding, designing schematics for PCBs
5. All phases of design (Schematic campture, Component engineering, Library 
creation, Place nd route, Manufacturing data, Drawing) for Board designs, 
Simulation and Signal Integity applications on industry standard toolsets like 
Cadence Allegro, Mentor, etc. Multi-layer High Speed PCB design DFM and 
DFT, EMI / EMC etc.
6. Interaction with PCB and PCBA manufacturer to get the product 
manufactured as per requirement
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
None
Bond applicable
No