Job Details
Role -1
SDE-1 Backend
As a Software Developer at Purplle.com, you will play a key role in designing, developing, and maintaining high-performance
software solutions. You will work with a cross-functional team of engineers and collaborate on projects that leverage your expertise
in Golang, Node.js, PHP, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, Kafka and Google Cloud Platform.
Key Responsibilities:
● Design, develop, and maintain software applications using Golang and Node.js.
● Create and optimize database schemas and queries using MySQL and MongoDB.
● Implement caching solutions with Redis.
● Integrate and work with event streaming platforms like Kafka.
● Collaborate with team members to design and implement complex product solutions.
● Take ownership of projects from inception to deployment.
● Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code.
● Collaborate with DevOps and infrastructure teams to deploy applications on GCP, and Kubernetes.
● Work both independently and as part of a team to meet project goals.
● Solve complex technical challenges and contribute to the continuous improvement of our software development practices
Role - 2
SDE1- Frontend
1. Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code.
2. Design and implement new features and enhancements for our iOS/Android applications.
3. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
4. Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code while adhering to software development
best practices.
5. Conduct code reviews and provide constructive feedback to peers.
6. Participate in the full software development lifecycle, including testing, debugging, and
deploying applications.
7. Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS/Android development trends, tools, and technologies.
8. Troubleshoot and resolve issues reported by users or internal teams.
9. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability.
(Good to have)
10. Contribute ideas and innovations to improve product performance and user satisfaction.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No