Job Details
About the Role:
As a Software Developer at WinZO,
your primary focus will be to learn the codebase, gather user data. You will also work on delivering critical code to help ensure  applications are up-to-date and fully functional. Y
ou will be designing and developing APIs, working on designing
storage solutions. Involved in doing code automation and implementation of codes. Working on new and
innovative ideas to enhance the tech stack.
What you will do:
Learning the codebase and improving your coding skills.
Writing and implementing efficient code.
Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
Experiment with new & relevant technologies and tools, and drive adoption while measuring yourself on the  impact you can create.
Designing and developing scalable APIs for different clients used by our users.
Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to define, design, and ship new features
Document development phases and monitor systems
Code Optimization from time to time to enhance performance
Write clean and thoroughly tested code that is reusable
Come up with innovative ideas or suggest new/emerging technologies to enhance our tech stack
What you should have:
Sound familiarity with at least one of the programming languages such as C#, JAVA, Javascript
Ability to work with a relational database
Good to have knowledge of MongoDB/Redis/ElasticSearch/Kafka
Proficiency with Git
Must have good OOPS fundamentals
Good to have Computer Science fundamentals in operating systems, networks
Strong algorithm/data structures design and problem-solving skills
Ability to diagnose and solve complex problems.
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
Ability to work independently
What we offer you:
A flat and transparent culture with an incredibly high learning curve
A swanky informal workspace which defines our open and vibrant work culture
Opportunity to solve new and challenging problems with a high scope of innovation
Complete ownership of the product and chance to conceptualize and implement your solutions
Opportunity to work with incredible peers across departments and be a part of the Tech revolution
Most importantly, a chance to be associated with big impact early in your career
Place of posting
Accomodation details
New Delhi
None
Bond applicable
No