Job Details
What’s the role?
The position of Researcher Fluid
Flow is an exciting opportunity within Shell’s Technology department solving
the most challenging fluid flow projects for our Renewables and Energy
Solutions, Integrated Gas, Downstream, and Upstream businesses. The work will
involve a mix of R&D projects that enable Shell’s conventional Business, enhance
Shell’s position in the energy transition, as well as technical service
projects that support Shell’s assets and developments. We are looking for a
person with a strong modelling background in the areas of multiphase fluid flow,
reactive flow and Computational Fluid Dynamics, who will work as an individual
contributor in a global team.
Where you fit in
You will be part of the global Fluid
Flow and Reactor Engineering team with staff in Houston, Amsterdam, and the
largest group in Bengaluru. Your colleagues mostly have Ph.D. or M.S. degrees with
a modeling or experimental background in the areas of fluid flow and reactor
engineering who make use of advanced computational tools and state-of-the-art
experimental equipment to carry out their own R&D activities, support other
research groups within Shell, and provide world-class differentiating
capability to projects and assets across the globe.
The researcher fluid flow is
responsible for carrying out projects in the areas of computational fluid
dynamics and multiphase fluid flow or reactive flow - from the identification
of the work that needs to be carried out to the execution, reporting, and
implementation of the solution with the customer. These projects vary in length
and complexity from 1 day of work carried out alone to several months of work
carried out in collaboration with a cross-discipline global team.
The global Fluid Flow and
Reactor Engineering team has an excellent track record in adding value to Shell
businesses and you will be instrumental in growing the contribution from
Bengaluru over the coming years.
This role reports to the Team
Lead Fluid Flow and Reactor Engineering, located in Bengaluru.
Responsibilities:
Carrying
     out all activities with safety as the top priority (Goal Zero).
Execution
     of R&D projects in the field of computational multiphase fluid flow or
     reactive flow or both, including tracking progress against milestones and
     agreed deliverables.
Delivering
     technical services to Shell assets as an independent contributor. The
     services will consist of 1-D (steady state and transient) and 3-D (CFD) fluid
     flow modeling, running of Shell proprietary codes, and high-level
     analyses.
Reporting of the results in a presentation or report that
     is actionable for the customer and supporting the customer in
     implementation of the solution.
Requirements:
Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering, Fluid Flow or
       similar discipline with a strong modeling background. Master’s degree
       with a proven track record of at least 3 years of experience solving
       industrial CFD/multiphase flow engineering challenges in the energy
       industry will also be considered.
Demonstrated expertise in Computational Fluid Dynamics
       software packages like Fluent, Star-CCM+, or OpenFOAM; strong knowledge
       of commercial multiphase flow software such as OLGA or LedaFlow will be
       an advantage.
Deep knowledge and understanding of multiphase fluid
       flow, heat and mass transfer, reaction engineering, reactive flow, fluid
       phase behavior/thermodynamics, and process modeling.
Ability
       to convert a complex fluid flow problem into a list of activities to be
       carried out.
A demonstrable work attitude that puts safety as the
       priority.
A team
       player with good oral and written communication skills.
Our values
Shell is a company with shared values. Honesty, integrity, and respect aren't simply
a strapline: they are a part of everything we do. What's more, Shell is an
equal opportunities company, and we place the highest possible value on the
diversity of our people and our inclusive approach. Join us and you’ll belong
to a world where you can feel pride in your achievements and propel your career
with global opportunities
Women’s perspective
We care deeply about fostering a truly diverse workplace. We believe in doing
everything we can to make Shell as flexible, appealing and supportive a place
for women to work as possible. We help with things like our formal (and
informal) flexible working. Like our global and transparent pay policies,
backed by a leadership team fully supportive of our diversity ambitions. And
we'll foster your career through our Women's Career Development programme.
People with an impairment
At Shell, we're all about top talent. End of story. We encourage anyone who may
face an impairment to see Shell as a place where you'll be fully supported to
grow and develop your career. It's as simple as that. If you'd like to apply,
just let us know about your circumstances. We can support you throughout the
process: from application, to interview, to your first day of a rewarding
career with us.
Company Description
Shell began operations
in India more than 80 years ago. At Shell India, we invest in our people
through our industry-leading development programme, which sees our employees
thrive and gain access to experts on a local and global level. To date, we have
invested more than US$ 1 billion already in India’s energy sector alone in
socially and environmentally responsible ways. It is the only global major to
have a fuel retail license in India. The Shell Technology Centre Bangalore,
STCB, is one of the three global hubs for technology in the Projects &
Technology business of Royal Dutch Shell. In addition, we supply crude,
chemicals and technology to public and private sector oil companies, and our
Chennai Business Centre provides a wide range of finance, accounting and
business services to Shell globally.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
Temporary
Bond applicable
No