Job Details
Engineer,
Embedded Software
About the job
Our products are heavily reliant on embedded
software, and hence we are inviting passionate
individuals to join our team to contribute towards
our pursuit of building world-class products for the future. You would be a key
player of the team responsible for crafting world-class software that goes into
high-scale products built by SEDEMAC. This is an opportunity to create impact,
the code you write will go into millions of products we ship annually. You will
be a part of a peer group that will encourage and inspire you to improve
.
Major Responsibilities
“Engineer, Embedded Software” at
SEDEMAC is responsible for end-to-end design, development and testing of embedded
software stack within a particular product line in SEDEMAC. The candidate is
required to:
1.
Be responsible for software
development for product lines such as “traction controllers”, “fuel injection
controllers”, “generator set controllers” etc.
2.
Ensure timely and high-quality
software delivery, in co-ordination with system engineers and electronic
engineers who are responsible for their respective domains of the product
development.
3.
Act as the first point
of contact for internal and external customers. Typically, the internal
customers of software team would be the system engineering team who are product
owners.
4.
De-risk crucial
show-stoppers in the project, involving development of complex logics, and
resolving complex defects (RCAs). This also includes the candidate
participating in post-production failures of the product.
5.
Actively participate
in improving software development process, workflows, technologies used at
SEDEMAC and ensure compliance with software development standards as relevant
to the product line that the engineer is driving.
6.
Perform code
reviews; have a keen eye for suspecting and spotting potential errors.
7.
Ensure thorough,
high-quality documentation of the software artefacts developed, and also
participate in development of white-papers to improve the state of software
team’s knowledge repository.
Required Skills
& Experience
Software development experience in embedded software
     development in C and preferably C++.
Comfort with Python scripting is good to have.
Experience with RTOS is a plus.
Good knowledge and hands-on with IDEs, debuggers,
     emulators etc.
Comfort with Git is desired.
Excellent spoken and written English communication.
Information
on Selection Process
The selection process will be
     multi-phased tests plus interviews.
There will be focus on
     evaluation of your understanding of embedded software skills, logical
     & analytical skills.
Education
& Experience
Bachelor's or Master's degree
     in Electronics / Electrical / Mechatronics / Robotics / Instrumentation
About
SEDEMAC
At its core, SEDEMAC is the coming together of talented engineers with
the zeal for development and large-scale deployment of innovative control
technologies & products. Since our proposals tend to be fundamental control
technology for large markets, our customers are large vehicle/motor/engine
manufacturers with significant market presence. We pride ourselves on being an
engineer run organization — responsible for creation of technologies and
products that we offer. We have been able to institute a working environment
that emphasizes respect for the individual, focus on what is being said as
opposed to who is saying it, creativity, and honesty.
Job
Location – Baner, Pune.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
Temporary
Bond applicable
No