Job Details
What
we do
ICF Provides advisory services to the energy/utilities industry. Assists
organizations in improving their performance through the assessment,
identification and implementation of strategic planning and goals. Incumbents
advise clients in areas such as corporate strategy, business unit strategy,
customer & marketing strategy, growth, and innovation. Our services also
include the development and review of financial business plans including
potential mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures.
ICF’s
Energy Advisory Team
Our
work is focused on supporting the rapid transformation in the U.S. power
system. Working within project teams, your role will be to assist in the
continued development and growth of ICF’s Power practice and to support our
clients to identify and pursue investment opportunities in support of
development and M&A across a range of technologies and across US power
markets.
This
is a multi-faceted role with exposure to wide array of topics concerning energy
-markets, policy, interconnection, transmission to name a few. You will study
the increasing complexity of interconnection queues and assist your clients
with navigating them and assess the impacts of network upgrade cost exposure on
project/portfolio valuation and off-take strategies.
You
will also assess how various market parameters such as natural gas prices,
demand, transmission congestion, bidding strategies, outages etc. affect day
ahead (DA) and real time (RT) market price formulation and assist your clients
manage the curtailment risks. You will help shape our views on decarbonization
strategies and their impact on the current market structures and how the power
grid needs to evolve to enable increasing levels of renewable penetration.
Come
join an interdisciplinary team and gain exposure across all major aspects of
energy markets and establish yourself as an energy expert.
·
Do
you want to help renewable developers assess where market and policy drivers
will lead to strong interest in renewables? Help them find the best locations
to develop new renewables, battery storage among the rapidly changing U.S.
electricity markets?
·
How
about assisting banks, private equity firms and other investment firms assess
investment opportunities and risks?  Use your technical and analytical
skills to help various planning entities including the federal government with
strategies and how the grid needs to evolve to enable increasing levels of
renewable penetration.
·
Does
working with multiple stakeholders in energy broadly categorized as private
developers, financing entities and planning entities excite you?
What
you will be doing:
·
Perform
advanced technical, quantitative, and economic analysis of energy and
environmental markets, using commercial model frameworks.
·
Key
focus areas will be attaining strong expertise in power markets’ fundamentals
and using expertise for capacity expansion and transmission modeling of power
markets.
·
Collaborate
with team to develop and enhance ICF proprietary models and data bases
·
Evaluate
the impact of future market trends and regulations, and support the development
of client strategies to manage change
·
Be
responsible for performing analysis for corporate and government client
deliverables
·
Support
sales and client development efforts with market research, proposal development
and thought leadership
Minimum
Qualifications:
·
Master's degree in Energy & Power Systems, Economics,
Mathematics,  Operations Research,
Engineering, or related quantitative-focused subject
·
Proficient
in Microsoft Office (specifically Excel), and strong analytical skills
·
Basic
knowledge of R, Python, and/or other coding languages
Preferred
Qualifications:
·
Strong
organizational and project management skills
·
The
ability to work with and understand technical concepts and communicate concepts
to non-technical personnel
·
Strong
interest in one or more of these areas: energy economics, power markets design
and fundamentals, power market capacity expansion and transmission
modeling.
Working
at ICF
ICF is a global advisory and
technology services provider, but we’re not your typical consultants. We
combine unmatched expertise with cutting-edge technology to help clients solve
their most complex challenges, navigate change, and shape the future.
We
can only solve the world's toughest challenges by building an inclusive
workplace that allows everyone to thrive. We are an equal opportunity employer,
committed to hiring regardless of any protected characteristic, such as race,
ethnicity, national origin, color, sex, gender identity/expression, sexual
orientation, religion, age, disability status, or military/veteran status.
Together, our employees are empowered to share their expertise and collaborate
with others to achieve personal and professional goals.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Delhi
None
Bond applicable
No