Job Details
Accenture is a leading global
professional services company, providing a broad range of services in strategy
and consulting, interactive, technology and operations, with digital
capabilities across all of these services. We combine unmatched experience and
specialized capabilities across more than 40 industries - powered by the
world's largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations
centers. With 710,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries,
Accenture brings continuous innovation to help clients improve their
performance and create lasting value across their enterprises.
Accenture S&C Global
Network – Data & AI
Accenture’s Data & AI practice helps
our clients grow their business in entirely new ways.  Analytics enables our clients to achieve high
performance through insights from data - insights that inform better decisions
and strengthen customer relationships. From strategy to execution, Accenture
works with organizations to develop analytic capabilities - from accessing and
reporting on data to predictive modelling - to outperform the competition.
As part of our Analytics practice, you
will join a worldwide network of smart and driven colleagues experienced in
leading AI/ML/Statistical tools, methods and applications. From data to
analytics and insights to actions, our forward-thinking consultants provide
analytically-informed, issue-based insights at scale to help our clients
improve outcomes and achieve high performance.
Position Summary
Primary
responsibility is to deliver analytics-based solutions.
Duties
and Responsibilities:
·
Develop analytics solutions to support business analytics such as
marketing analytics, customer segmentation, acquisition, business operations, retention
and forecasting.
·
Develop statistical testing programs to measure and improve
on-going performance.
·
Apply appropriate techniques, such as exploratory data analysis,
regression analysis, bootstrapping, decision trees, cluster analysis, choice
modeling, survival analysis etc.
Requirements:
·
Master’s degree in Statistics or Quantitative Science or MBA
·
Should
have done forecasting/modeling, data analysis, used regression/optimization
models and techniques. Experience in machine learning osure to one or more of Data
science capabilities; preferably python. Others are - R, SAS
·
Needs
to have data management capabilities, with skills in SQL, Spark and data
visualization capabilities in Tableau/power BI
·
Strong
ability to process and extract strategic insights from large data sets
·
Exposure
to computer programming in some form.
·
Good
communication skills
·
Open
to extensive travel (upto 2 months at a stretch)
·
Advanced
Excel and PowerPoint skills
Disclaimer:
1.
Please
take note that, unless there is a formal offer of employment from Accenture,
any communication made by Accenture in respect of open position/selection process,
or steps related thereto shall not be assumed or treated to be as a commitment
or an offer of employment or guarantee of employment with Accenture
2.
At
Accenture, the health and well-being of our people, our clients and the
community is our top priority. We are also committed to complying with all
government safety protocols as we bring our people to our offices. Before
onboarding, we strongly encourage all selected candidates to take both doses of
the COVID-19 vaccine as per government prescribed timelines
.
3.
Accenture
has not authorized any agency, company or individual to either collect money or
arrive on any monetary arrangement in exchange for a job at Accenture.
Accenture's criterion for hiring candidates is merit. Any agency, company or
individual offering employment with Accenture in exchange for money is
misrepresenting their relationship with Accenture, which has not authorized any
such action. If you are approached by any entity or individuals who demand
money or any other form of compensation in return for a job offer at Accenture
- even if they present themselves as representatives or employees of Accenture
4.
Accenture
has not authorized its officials to either collect money, benefit(s) and or
favour(s) of any kind from the college Placement committee, student body and or
college administration for participating in campus recruitment events at the
time of confirming Accenture's participation in the same
Please also note that Accenture is an equal
opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society
and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or
national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil
partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Gurugram, Mumbai, Bangalore
None
Bond applicable
No