Job Details
JOB SUMMARY
Publicis Sapient is looking for a Senior Associate – Data Science to join its Data Science 
practice. The role is to spot and define data-science opportunities as the part of client 
interactions and drive the next generation innovation in data-driven solutions. As part of the 
team, you will be responsible for implementing relevant machine learning and statistical 
analysis algorithms.
In this role you will educate internal and external teams on conceptual models for problem 
solving in the machine learning realm and help translate goals and objectives into data driven 
solutions. You will enjoy working with some of the most diverse data sets in the world, cutting 
edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real business results on a 
regular basis.
The role is critical in helping advance the application of machine learning as a core building 
block to core market offerings in e-commerce, advertising, adtech and business 
transformation. In addition, you will be responsible for providing analysis that informs and 
improves the effectiveness of the planning, execution and optimization of marketing tactics. 
You will tie optimization metrics to the strategic intent of campaigns and the underlying 
business objectives.
As an evangelist for data science, you will partner with leaders in various divisions, industries 
and geographies, in order to ensure that increasingly more solutions we bring to the market 
are data driven and are supported by a strong data sciences group.
Core areas of focus for this group includes applications in customer segmentations, media 
and advertising optimization solutions, developing recommender systems, fraud analytics, 
personalization systems and forecasting
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
 Guide and lead the evolution of projects as they transition from traditional solution 
architectures to one’s that are driven by applications in machine learning
 Understand Business problems and KPIs by holding discussions with relevant
customer stakeholders
 Utilizing the right data science approach to solve customer’s Business problems
 Provide technical thought leadership and mentorship in the field of data science to
engineering teams and other cross functional teams
 Identify the different data sources needed for project execution – including both
internal and external data
 Demonstrate Business value of Analytical models and ensure the deployment of 
efficient and robust models in production
 Follow industry gold-standards in machine learning and statistical analysis and coding 
practices to ensure consistency in quality across projects and teams and providing 
detailed and constructive design and code reviews.
 Support the Client facing teams or management by producing quick-turnaround 
analysis, model development, and quality assurance for product development, 
consulting projects, and client presentations. 
 Independently analyze the research papers related to the problem area and translate 
relevant ones to working prototypes in an agile manner 
 Follow Good practices pertaining to version control systems. 
EXPERIENCE
 Demonstrate proficiency with various approaches in regression, classification, and 
cluster analysis
 Demonstrate proficiency in deep learning. 
 Must have experience ML models in R/ Python
 Demonstrable strength in programming in Python/R/Scala
 Experience with one or more data visualization tool / library such as Tableau, R Shiny, 
Seaborn, etc
 Good understanding of applied statistics, such as probability distributions, measures 
of dispersion and central tendency, hypothesis testing and statistical inferences. 
 Expertise in SQL programming languages and familiarity with Hive, PIG
 Demonstrated Experience in at least in one of the following NLP/computer
vision/operations research/data mining/ML/AI
 Experience working in a Unix/Linux environment for automating processes with shell 
scripting
 Excellent quantitative skills and the ability to tell a story using data
 Strong communication and presentation skills
 Ability to initiate and drive projects from conception to completion with minimal 
guidance
 Passionate about turning data into actionable insights
 Proven ability to perform in-depth analysis, compile and interpret results
 Ability to differentiate and apply models on the problem statement
 Should Know what model to apply and in what situation to apply (know advantages 
and disadvantages of ML /DL techniques)
GOOD TO HAVE:
 Expertise in application of machine learning algorithms on large datasets 
 Experience with large datasets and distributed computing (Hadoop, Spark) a plus 
 Experience accessing data, map-reduce programming style and training models in 
Hadoop, Spark 
 Experience in deploying models in cloud platforms such as Google Cloud/Microsoft 
Azure/AWS is a plus 
 Nice to have knowledge of NoSQL DBs like MongoDB, Cassandra and HBase 
 Contribution to research community reflected in publications in top 
conferences/Kaggle competitions 
 Knowledge of advanced Deep learning techniques like Reinforcement Learning 
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
 Strong written and verbal communication skills
 Articulation skills
 Good team player
 Self-starter who requires minimal oversight
 Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks
 Process orientation and the ability to define and set up processes
PROJECTS THIS ROLE WILL SUPPORT:
The role is expected to support in the domain of Digital Transformation engagements which 
requires client applications to provide their consumers with enhanced experience by 
transforming the digital capabilities. The clients are not from any specific industry though few 
have been listed to provide the perspective.
- Retail: The industry is focusing on improving sales and transitioning towards online 
market places. They also are looking out to build solutions to understand consumers 
better, design models and predict consumer likes / dislikes
- BFSI: Clients are looking digital transformation by taking almost all services online 
unless regulatory restrictions come in the way
- Travel and Hospitality: There is a lot of disruption happening in the domain as the 
market if quite competitive and the competition is cut throat. Topics such as in-venue 
experience, hyper personalization, mobility are driving lot of innovation
- Automobile: The industry is adopting transformation in both consumer and dealer’s 
digital enablement
- Healthcare: Exploring fresh ways to build patient data and derive insights. Build 
platforms to have real time tracking of patient’s health by consolidating data from 
multiple sources and devices and offer personalized medicines and treatments 
- Telecom: The industry is on cusp of a tipping point moving from pure play voice 
services to data driven offerings. Telecom players are focusing on modernizing 
operations, digitizing services, network upgrades and redefining their strategic identity. 
- Technology: Defining the future with digital transformation initiatives. Cloud 
Computing; IOT; Blockchain & AI are the current focus areas. 
- Manufacturing: Currently in a world of uneasiness. The industry is innovating on
adapting technology to run supply chains & operations, monetizing digitization, and 
leveraging data & analytics 
- FMCG & CPG: Looking at cost cutting measures across all the operations. Strategizing 
with a more global outlook and looking at introducing products more aligned with 
consumer mindset
- Entertainment & Media: Industry moving towards a content oriented experience 
available across multiple distribution channels. User insights and newer content 
requires robust data solutions. 
- Logistics & Shipping: Must explore newer technologies (robotics, real time delivery, 
self-driving vehicles & automated warehouses) and solutions to cater to consumer 
need and enhanced demands
- Insurance: Changing business and operating models. Enterprise Innovation Models 
redefining ways in why insurers collect information about consumers, discover 
coverage needs, identify target markets, integrate consumer data and rapidly respond 
to regulatory changes and compliance
- Education: The industry is automation a lot of paper workflows and taking them online 
along with providing enhanced user experience to attract the prospective customers
- Marketing: Increased focus on consumer experience. Build customer centric models 
and gather behavioural data about consumers to deliver personalized content
- Infrastructure & Real Estate: A fundamental shift in the consumer market – focus on 
environmental, social and financial concerns. Understanding consumer behavior is 
key to planning this year. Impact of data and analytics will begin to emerge, helping 
improve capacity planning and operational cost reduction. 
- Energy & Utilities: Emerging energy services are threatening incumbents. Innovations 
in current technologies and exploring service based models. 
POSSIBLE CAREER PATHS:
Senior Associate L2, Manager/Expert Level
ABOUT US 
Publicis Sapient is a digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to their future, 
digitally-enabled state, both in the way they work and the way they serve their customers. We help 
unlock value through a start-up mindset and modern methods, fusing strategy, consulting and 
customer experience with agile engineering and problem-solving creativity. As digital pioneers with 
20,000 people and 53 offices around the globe, our experience spanning technology, data sciences, 
consulting and customer obsession – combined with our culture of curiosity and relentlessness –
enables us to accelerate our clients’ businesses through designing the products and services their 
customers truly value. Publicis Sapient is the digital business transformation hub of Publicis Groupe. 
For more information, visit publicissapient.com
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore, Gurgaon
Temporary
Bond applicable
No