Job Details
Engineer,
Electronic Hardware
About the job
The
candidate is expected to participate in building technologies and products for automotive
& off-highway powertrains such that the built products and technologies are
deployed in large numbers world-wide.
S/he is expected build technology
differentiators and/or well-engineered robust products and work with a cross
functional team to execute the same.
Major Responsibilities
An Engineer
in Electronic Hardware is responsible for designing, maintaining,
troubleshooting and evolving existing and new electronic product variants under
SEDEMAC's various product lines – such as motor controllers and fuel injection
controllers. At SEDEMAC, a engineer in electronics hardware performs the below
responsibilities:
·
Defines and manages changes to hardware
product requirements and leads product feasibility assessment activities.
·
Drives selection of major components
considering competing constraints such as costing, performance, reliability,
availability etc.
·
Proactively assesses and de-risks high
severity failure modes during the design phase to achieve industry leading
product reliability
·
Performs worst case design simulations /
calculations & prototype studies to ensure compliance to requirements
·
Defines and communicates HW-SW, HW-Mechanical
interface requirements and constraints (for example PCB sizing constraints)
·
Assesses and communicates risks associated
with design trade-offs
·
Supports development of manufacturing SOPs
(standard operating procedures) and EOL (end-of-line) test rigs
·
Defines hardware verification plan and
performs V&V activities
·
Leads design implementation activities working
closely with ECAD/MCAD engineers
·
Represents HW team for RCA activities and
ensures implementation of CAPA during the complete HW product lifecycle
·
Proactively identifies and
implements opportunities to minimize BOM cost and improve product robustness
and reliability
Technically mentors team members
Conducts internal product training
& sharing of LLBP and technical knowhow
·
Desired technical skills
Requirements analysis
Product architecture definition, Component
     selection
Design calculation & simulation, Worst
     Case Analysis, Component derating
Thermal analysis, Signal Integrity Analysis
Functional/Piece Part FMEA, DRBFM
PCB design, DFM, DFT, DFR aspects
Usage of lab equipment like DSO/MSO, Function
     generators, Power supplies etc.
Desired soft skills
Good
     written and verbal communication skills.
Ability
     to work with a cross-functional team.
Professional
     attitude towards work.
Sense
     of ownership and urgency when working in the company.
Strong
     sense of ethics
Education:
Bachelor's
     / Master's degree in Electrical / Electronics Engineering
(CGPA
     6.0+)
Experience:
NA
Job Location:
Pune
     (Baner)
About SEDEMAC:
At its core, SEDEMAC is
the coming together of talented engineers with the zeal for development and
large-scale deployment of innovative control technologies & products. Since
our proposals tend to be fundamental control technology for large markets, our
customers are large vehicle/motor/engine manufacturers with significant market
presence. We pride ourselves on being an engineer run organization —
responsible for creation of technologies and products that we offer. We have
been able to institute a working environment that emphasizes respect for the individual,
focus on what is being said as opposed to who is saying it, creativity, and
honesty.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Pune
Temporary
Bond applicable
No