Job Details
Position – Software Development Engineer -1
Job Role – Engineering
Team – Technology
Location – Gurgaon/Bangalore/Chandigarh
About Tata 1mg
Tata 1mg is India’s leading consumer health platform. It aspires to be the trusted health partner for all Indians and
its mission is to make healthcare accessible, understandable, and affordable. Leading the chart as one of the top
consumer health platforms through e-pharmacy, e-diagnostics, e-consulting and offline stores, it is also one of the
most preferred pharmacy and diagnostic partners for the leading hospitals in India. It enables consumers to learn
more about their medicines and find more cost-effective substitutes.
Tata 1mg is an initiative taken in the spirit of public service with a vision to empower Indian consumers and
caregivers to select the most appropriate healthcare service at the best possible prices.
Brief about the Team :
The Engineering team at Tata 1mg is a skilled and dedicated group responsible for developing and maintaining the
robust infrastructure that powers the company's platform. With expertise in backend technologies, they
seamlessly integrate systems, databases, and APIs to improve and help in users' healthcare journey. Their focus on
security and reliability ensures high performance and data protection. The team's attention to detail and
problem-solving abilities contribute to Tata 1mg's reputation as a leading health tech platform.
What we are looking for:
● Someone with hands-on with any one of these :
❖ Python Web Frameworks (Django, Flask, etc.), Ruby on Rails, Nodes or any other programming
language .
❖ Android/iOS app development.
❖ MERN stack.
● Strong foundation in data structures & algorithms.
● Good problem solving skills.
● Knowledge of Non Relational Databases and/or relational databases.
● Knowledge of System design and architecture is a plus.
● Knowledge of service-oriented architectures is a plus.
What will you do:
● Taking ownership of modules development to production.
● Own nonfunctional aspects of the modules.
● Contribute to architecture and tech stack-related tasks.
Why Join Us?
Tata 1mg provides one of the most exciting and high growth environments to work. You get the added
benefit of working in a prestigious legacy brand like Tata and a highly dynamic and versatile startup like
1mg. The leadership of tata 1mg is determined to make it one of the best places to work.
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bangalore/Gurgaon/Chandigarh
None
Bond applicable
No