Job Details
This is an exciting opportunity to join this well-established
organisation help plan and drive the ambitious plans to grow and invest in the
future success of the business.
The role involves promoting and selling company’s capability and
products/systems to influencers like Consultants and Govt. departments and to
end-customers like the Main Contractors and Specialist Contractors in the
Bridges & Tunnels segments.
This role is of high strategic importance to the business.
Reporting to the Zonal Manager, you will be promoting the business's footprint
ensuring this product line is at the forefront of all Influencers' and
End-Customers’ minds. You will be responsible for developing and managing a
solid project pipeline in terms of Approvals and Sales. You will use your
existing experience and industry knowledge to stay on top of Industry Trends,
Standards, Codes and Regulations and to continually develop and maintain relationships
with customers.
Duties:
·
As
an Assistant Manager / Manager Sales the candidate will be responsible for
overall Sales & Marketing related activities of the company.
·
Control the execution of the sales strategies by taking
suitable courses and corrections to attain the desired level of implementation.
·
Overall responsibility for the
profitability and viability of the sales operations’.
·
Develop
and appoint dealers & distributors to expand product reach in the market
·
Market intelligence and market
research for the existing and new brands to be launched by the organization.
Conduct periodic market exploration to understand the customer demand, new
product launch and market share of competitors.
·
Evaluation of new business
opportunities and opportunities that arise for the organization.
·
Generate enquiries in Projects
,
Institutions and Infrastructure Segment. Conceptualizing and implementing sales
promotional activities for brand promotion and marketing effort, specification
of the products.
·
Managing marketing
communications and the company’s customer relationship programs and develop
program to build brands relationship with Key Accounts
(Top
Builders, Contractors, Distributors, RCC Consultants, Architects & Govt.
Authorities) s
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Mumbai
None
Bond applicable
No