Job Details
Job Description
Graduate Trainee- Product
At Upswing, we are building the next generation of Open Finance
We are a passionate and self-driven team of thinkers who aspire to build the rails to connect the traditional financial sector with financial innovators through a simple and powerful banking-as-a-service (BaaS) platform. We are a dynamic and rapidly growing organisation focused on revolutionising the financial industry. Our innovative solutions combine cutting-edge technology with a customer-centric approach, providing businesses with streamlined financial services.
We are looking for graduate trainees who
will redefine the financial services landscape for India in the coming years. As a Graduate Trainee, you will work closely with our Product Team to contribute to the development and enhancement of our products. You will gain hands-on experience in product strategy, roadmap planning and execution, preparing you for a career in product management.
You will be part of our product team that will create innovative and scalable Fintech solutions. You will work along with a passionate and experienced engineering, product & business workforce that believes in teamwork, and that helps fast-track learning on solving complex technical challenges.
Location
:
HSR Layout, Bangalore
What you will work on
Building the next generation of financial services on our BaaS platform
Solving finance and banking for next generation of users
Contributing to product-excellence by trying out the latest tools and technologies.
Qualities and qualifications
B.Tech or a higher degree in Computer Science or a related field.
Good to have- experience with product management or analytical tools (e.g. JIRA, SQL)
Basic knowledge of of UX/UI principles
Experience in internships or projects in product management, consulting or similar fields
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to interpret data effectively
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to collaborate with diverse teams and stakeholders
Basic technical understanding of software development processes
Most importantly, a passion for learning about product management and building impactful products
Key responsibilities
Product Development
Support the product lifecycle from ideation through development, launch and iteration
Market Research
Conduct research to understand user needs, market trends and competitive landscapes
Feature Prioritization
Assist in prioritising product features based on business impact, feasibility and customer feedback
Tech Enthusiast
Stay on top of new technologies and best practices to keep our platform cutting-edge.
Cross-Team Collaboration
Work closely with engineering, product management, design and operations teams to drive growth and stability
Data Analysis
Collect and analyse user data to inform product decisions and track key performance metrics
User Experience
Work closely with the design team to ensure an excellent user experience
Documentation and Reporting
Assist in creating product documents, reports and presentations for stakeholders
Perks
💰
Competitive Salary
: Get rewarded for your hard work.
⏰
Flexible Working Hours
: Work at your best time, your way!
💻
Top-tier Laptop
: Choose between a MacBook or Windows laptop
🍽️
Optional Daily Lunch
: Enjoy delicious meals when you're in the mood
☕
Well-stocked kitchenette
: Fuel your creativity with beverages, snacks, and munchies all day!
Place of posting
Accomodation details
Bengaluru
Temporary
Bond applicable
No